The Democrats have become synonymous with the word scandal in this election. We have yet another scandal and reason to distrust Obama and Hillary Clinton—just for you. President Obama’s Justice Department has been caught red handed stealing money, which should be going to victims of crimes, and putting it into the hands of left-wing advocacy groups, as per Breitbart . This new scandal comes after we saw Hillary Clinton cleared of charges for acid washing her emails. This clearance came from the Justice Department, as run by a person who had private meetings with Bill Clinton prior to the decision. This also happened after Hillary Clinton said that if she was elected, she would reappoint the current attorney general—that same person—Loretta Lynch. The key facts of this news scandal are as follows: the Justice Department has millions of dollars of taxpayer money that is usually reserved for the victims of serious crimes. However, Obama has been funneling money, in the ballpark of $650 million, away from victims of serious crimes and towards organizations that are helping him. This money is supposed to be going to victims of federal crimes like gang violence, wall street corruption, or other white collar crimes. It’s normally used for restitution of the money the victims lost as a result of criminal actions. Is it surprising Obama thinks this money should be lining his pockets instead? Obama and his cronies find ways to make these left wing advocacy groups “victims” of crimes. These are organizations are signing people up to vote, going to rallies, knocking on doors, and helping elect Hillary Clinton—not advocacy groups that need restitution of money lost to criminals. Obama’s Justice Department has failed us once again. Instead of abusing taxpayer money, this Justice Department should be prosecuting Hillary Clinton for lying to Congress, destroying evidence after receiving a congressional subpoena, and obstructing justice. This is, alone, is enough to impeach the president, but we all know there simply isn’t enough time left in his presidency to do so. But, maybe we could get the paperwork rolling just to scare him a little bit! If elected, it is clear Hillary Clinton will continue these corrupt practices, especially with Loretta Lynch as her attorney general. The Justice Department especially will remain a pay-to-getaway operation.