An article in the Jewish Daily Forward newspaper has claimed that “Jewish charities” give more money to Israel than they do to education, and that this figure is of the order of $26 billion. As Professor Kevin McDonald points out in this article below, this figure is actually not even the real total—it is considerably more. As he points out, this figure does not include what is collected at synagogues—and then given to Israel—each month, because synagogues, schools and seminaries are not required to file tax returns. This is of real importance for everyone who wishes to understand how the Jewish lobby in America works, and how it uses American money—and taxpayers—to keep the racist Jews-only state of Israel in business. The immense wealth of the Jewish lobby is not the product of “Jewish ingenuity”—it is the product of active discrimination in favor of Jews by other Jews—in the educational system, the economy and in the media. Forward Study of the Jewish Charity Industry By Professor Kevin MacDonald. The $26 billion dollar figure in the title refers to the net assets of the network of explicitly Jewish charitable organizations, which puts it in the same league as a major corporation. Annual revenue is around $12-14 billion. Assuming an American Jewish population of around 6.4 million, this implies assets per capita of over $4000 and per capita annual giving of around half that. Based on an older survey indicating 2.3 persons per Jewish household, annual giving per household would be around $4600. These numbers are certainly not earth shaking, but, when broken down to particular categories, they indicate that Jewish activist organizations are indeed well funded, especially when compared to the financial resources of organizations that oppose Jewish interests (probably well under $1 million for organizations explicitly dedicated to advancing the interests of White Americans). For example, 6% of the $3.7 billion in annual donations for “functional charities” is allocated for “General Advocacy” ($222,000,000 annually), and 38% goes to Israel-related causes ($1.4 billion annually). Advocacy presumably includes the ADL which reported revenue of over $53 million in 2012—enough to fund over $31 million in employee salaries (including Abe Foxman at $688,188 ) and 28 regional offices.