From a young age, Americans learn what “basic behavior” is accepted in modern society. Part of that learning curve teaches children to never lie. These children grow up into successful, trustworthy adults, right? 

Lawyers, doctors, government officials, and so on are all supposed to be upstanding citizens. They are supposed to represent truth and freedom for our nation. 

Where there is great responsibility, there is also opportunity to abuse this power. Hillary Clinton’s appointed chairman, John Podesta, is familiar with this all too well. 

Truth seeker and founder of WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, has released Hillary Clintons deleted emails from her private server to make Americans aware of what’s going on. 

In a world where it’s difficult to tell what’s right and what’s wrong anymore, its natural to feel fear. However, “fear” is what people like Hillary Clinton thrive on. 

The FBI is revisiting the initial Clinton email scandal and has provided newly declassified information about the Clinton Foundation via the FBI Vault . 

In an email sent to Cheryl Mills from John Podesta the evening of March 2, 2015, hours after the New York Times reported that Clinton possibly violated federal record requirements by using the private server, a shocking revelation has been uncovered. 

According to the latest batch of Podesta’s hacked emails, Podesta writes, “Not to sound like Lanny, but we are going to have to dump all those emails so better to do so sooner than later.” 

Mills responded, “Think you just got your new nick name.” 

The “Lanny” reference is to lawyer Lanny Davis, who served as special counsel to former President, Bill Clinton. Lawyers, unfortunately, are not always the most honest individuals and have been known to cover up for their guilty clients. Hillary Clinton is one of these lawyers. 

Cheryl Mills is the same woman who oversaw the controversial construction of a South Korean sweat shop being built in Haiti. A week after this email exchange took place, Hillary Clinton announced that she would love nothing more than to share her emails with the general public, claiming she had nothing to hide. At least, she didn’t think she did. 

After being subpoenaed by federal court, Hillary Clinton acid-washed her private server, deleting thousands of emails.