Donald Trump is warning America that Hillary Clinton’s insane idea to create a no-fly zone over Syria would lead to World War Three with Russia, Syria and Iran.

Setting up a no-fly zone over Syria means telling the government of Syria (as well as Russia) they’re not allowed to fly planes over their own country, even though they’re in the middle of a war with ISIS and other US-backed rebel terrorist groups.

It’s completely psychotic, that’s why even leftists like Green party candidate Jill Stein have said Hillary is “much scarier” than Trump and could slide us “into a nuclear war” with Russia .

As you’ll see in this article, Reuters asked Hillary to defend her insane plan but she just dodged the question and instead attacked Trump as “unfit to be commander-in-chief.”

From Reuters :

U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Tuesday that Democrat Hillary Clinton’s plan for Syria would “lead to World War Three,” because of the potential for conflict with military forces from nuclear-armed Russia.

In an interview focused largely on foreign policy, Trump said defeating Islamic State is a higher priority than persuading Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down, playing down a long-held goal of U.S. policy.

Trump questioned how Clinton would negotiate with Russian President Vladimir Putin after demonizing him; blamed President Barack Obama for a downturn in U.S. relations with the Philippines under its new president, Rodrigo Duterte; bemoaned a lack of Republican unity behind his candidacy, and said he would easily win the election if the party leaders would support him.

“If we had party unity, we couldn’t lose this election to Hillary Clinton,” he said.

On Syria’s civil war, Trump said Clinton could drag the United States into a world war with a more aggressive posture toward resolving the conflict.

Clinton has called for the establishment of a no-fly zone and “safe zones” on the ground to protect non-combatants. Some analysts fear that protecting those zones could bring the United States into direct conflict with Russian fighter jets.