Having gotten away with so much for so long, Hillary Clinton and her inner circle became careless in covering their trail, perhaps because they were confident about not getting caught. However, that’s all coming back to haunt them as investigators uncovered what Hillary left behind in her hotel room which should disqualify her from the presidential race. 

Since the start of the re-investigation into Hillary’s emails and supposedly disappearing server, a slew of secrets have trickled out that leaves one to wonder how they were missed in the first place. It’s recently been discovered what was found in her hotel room on a 2010 trip to Beijing, China, and it could result in dire consequences for our country. 

Fox News reported that when then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton traveled to the orient with an unnamed “senior aide” six years ago, they brought classified information with them. As prior investigations into her e-mails have proved, tipsy Hillary has a hard time keeping track of highly sensitive documents, and these in China were apparently no different. The unidentified aide, whose job it is to manage these things, left the information unsecured in the hotel room. 

“In May 2010, Secretary Clinton was on official travel in Beijing, China, accompanied by senior staff. Upon Secretary Clinton’s departure, a routine security sweep by Diplomatic Security agents identified classified documents in a staff member’s suite,” State Department spokesman John Kirby told Fox News in a statement. 

Confirmation of this mishandling comes out now as Hillary herself and her longtime senior aide, Huma Abedin, are being investigated for mishandling of sensitive information on a private server that she wasn’t supposed to have. Although it’s a matter of national security, Clinton and her crack squad can’t seem to be trusted with anything of importance that puts our nation in jeopardy. 

For this reason, Hillary Clinton shouldn’t even be considered for the White House where she would have full access to nuclear codes. Ironically, she said Donald Trump couldn’t be trusted with these, yet he’s not the one with thousands of “lost” emails and classified documents left in a hotel room overseas.