With the U.S. presidential elections just around the corner, concerns about violence on Election Day seem to be escalating. Several schools have announced that they will not hold classes when the polls are open due to fears of potential violence. According to a recent survey of voters, “A 51% majority of likely voters express at least some concern about the possibility of violence on Election Day; one in five are ‘very concerned.’” 

Voters have been very obsessive in what’s been an emotional presidential election year. It is possible that supporters of the winning party make a public display showing off their victory to emphasize the painful fact that the other candidate has lost. Will they become easy targets? Whoever has lost may question the validity of the election and accuse of opposing side of manipulating the results. If it comes to this, should we expect civil unrest? It may be smart to stock up on a few days of extra food and water , so you can just hole up at home if need be. 

More details from the aforementioned survey can be found here . Election Year Has Been Filled With Political Hostilities 

It’s no surprise people are apprehensive about Election Day. Voters in the U.S. have been passionately divided when it comes to the candidates. Many are fervent to keep the worse of two evils out of office. Decisions seem to be driven more by animosity towards one candidate, rather than by inspiration or vision offered by the other. 

Regardless if the voter survey offers an accurate representation of how Americans truly feel, we cannot deny that political discord has already incited violence in communities across the States. A summary here offers just a glimpse at the various incidents that have occurred during the year. Take a look below at the reception a man wearing a Trump hat received when attending a Clinton rally. 

Violence isn’t exclusive to Clinton supporters. Two videos below show how Trump supporters respond to unwelcome demonstration by their opposition. 

With so much hatred and hostility surrounding the election, one can reasonably expect a violent, or at least unpleasant, conclusion. And any aggression will likely be exacerbated by the news media, which will make matters worse.