Trump shares have gained sharply in the IEM prediction market, rising from under 10 cents to about 29 cents. Ordinary polls also are showing the race tightening. Clinton leads, but the suddenly much higher volatility of prices means that Trump’s prospects have improved. 

Trump released his contract with America 6 days ago. The biased media ignored it. 

The failures of Obamacare made headlines coincident with Trump’s shares rising. 

Donna Brazile’s passing debate questions to Clinton is also coincident with Clinton falling and Trump rising. 

The continuous Wikileaks revelations about Clinton are also coincident with the Trump comeback. My guess is that a good many voters who (naively) respect the integrity of the FBI are dismayed as they learn how Clinton interfered with the investigation and how the FBI was corrupted. (These are voters, and there are many, who think J. Edgar Hoover is a hero and who have never heard of entrapment.) Others are bound to be affected by the huge sums of money handed over to the Clintons where quid pro quos are evident. Charitable giving cannot explain these transfers. Yet others who support the Second Amendment are being solidified against Clinton by revelations that she intends to use executive orders to get her way. 

Clinton and Trump have taken opposite positions on the integrity of America’s voting methods. Trump’s position has been helped by recent complaints of machines that switched votes from one candidate to the opposition. Clinton’s position has been hurt by (a) her own manipulations during the Democratic primaries, and (b) her attempts to link Trump’s position with the bogeyman Russians. 

Furthermore, Clinton accused him of treason when she said “We also know from the former head of our Counterterrorism Center, Matt Olsen, that the kinds of rhetoric and language that Mr. Trump has used is giving aid and comfort to our adversaries.” Her extremism in this charge signals her fear of Trump’s challenge. It could only cause Trump supporters to close ranks behind him and assure greater voter turnout for him.