Trump's victory was a shock to most, especially given the broad support Hillary Clinton received from the forces of Wall Street. Although Trump is a billionaire himself, his criticism of free trade agreements and US policy toward Russia angered a broad section of the ruling class. It is the ruling class in control of the banks, military institutions, and corporate boardrooms that usually determine elections in the United States. Trump's victory is a product of the ruling system's decline and crisis more than anything else. The question is, now what?

What is urgently needed is a deep investigation of all aspects and contradictions of the Trump moment. First, Trump won because the capitalist system is in crisis. The laws of the system have inevitably led to such a level of concentration that profit accumulation has turned into its opposite. Technological innovation has permanently replaced a large section of labor in the US, creating the deindustrialized terrain Trump spoke so much about in his campaign. At the end of the day, the profits that Wall Street speculated into the ground ultimately came from the compulsion to increase buying power with large debt schemes that could never be paid back by a working class whose wages have been in decline for over three decades .

So when Hillary Clinton decided to campaign as some sort of united front against fascism, few listened. Many people in the US saw Clinton as an extension of the ruling establishment that had pummeled working class people into the ground. The Black Lives Matter movement exposed her complicity in the crime legislation that led to the vast expansion of the Black prisoner population during her husband's rule. Hillary Clinton then made the mistake of coalescing with the ruling establishments of both parties in hopes of isolating Trump when in fact she merely exposed her role as a loyal servant of power.

Some have claimed that since Clinton won the popular vote, she was the rightful winner regardless of her flaws. Others have argued that the Republican Party right-wing elites rigged the election . However true, there will be no recall this time around. Why? The DNC and the Clinton campaign rigged the primaries in order to defeat Sanders. In a stunning shift of political legitimacy, the Democratic Party has eviscerated all difference between itself and its Republican Party counterparts.

Numerous pieces have been written about the dangers of the cabinet Trump will select. Indeed, Trump’s possibilities do not deviate from the standard Republican Party makeup. His potential choices for top positions include """"tough on crime"""" Rudy Giuliani, austerity magnate Chris Christie, and privatization enthusiast Newt Gingrich. However, for the first time in a long time, the President of the United States is accountable to something other than the ruling class. In the past, Republican Party and Democratic Party Presidents dutifully served its paymasters while using manipulation to ensure that their respective bases were effectively neutralized.