Now that the election is over, Donald Trump is deciding who he will appoint to fill his cabinet. Although most the names on his list are fairly horrifying, none more so than who he is considering for White House Chief of Staff. Trump’s top pick is reportedly former Breitbart bigwig, Steve Bannon. 

So what does a chief of staff do ? Well, the person holding this position is often called “the most powerful man in Washington.” 

“The duties of the White House chief of staff vary, yet traditionally encompass the following, such as: select and supervise key White House staff, control access to the Oval Office and the president, manage communications and information flow, and negotiate with Congress, executive branch agencies, and external political groups to implement the president’s agenda.” 

“In fulfilling these duties, the chief of Staff oversees and coordinates the efforts of the following offices within the EOP and White House Office: the Council of Economic Advisers, National Security staff, Office of Management and Budget, Office of Legislative Affairs, and Office of Management and Administration, to name a few.” 

Okay, so that’s an important job. So who the hell is Steve Bannon? Not surprisingly, he is the worst of the worst. 

David Badash over at The New Civil Rights Movement summed it up quite nicely: Bannon “stepped down at Breitbart to run the final few months of Trump’s campaign, but for years he has run one of the most popular far, far right wing websites, Breitbart. It masquerades as a news site but it’s home to the alt-right, as Bannon has bragged. In other words, the white supremacists and white nationalists, the anti-Semites, the anti-LGBT crowd, the anti-Black crowd, the anti-diversity, anti-feminism, anti-Obama movement. Racists, homophobes, bigots of every stripe get their ‘news’ at Breitbart. And it got Trump elected.” 

According to court filings from his divorce proceedings, Bannon is not only a sadistic wife beater , but he is also every bit as anti-Semitic as Breitbart itself. His wife testified that he fought against allowing his daughters to attend an upscale school because of the number of Jewish children that attended. 

“He said that he doesn’t like the way they raise their kids to be ‘whiny brats’ and that he didn’t want the girls going to school with Jews.” 

This man , this is who Trump wants to have serving as the White House Chief of Staff. His advisors are encouraging him to choose RNC Chair Reince Priebus, but we all know how Trump is with taking advice from people who might actually know what they’re talking about. Who cares if Bannon actually knows anything about how to run the damn country, Trump just wants the biggest bigot he can find.