A previous article explained the so-called battle for Mosul is a hoax. It’s about shifting thousands of US-supported ISIS fighters to Syria, along with perhaps letting Turkish forces move in to control evacuated areas. In Moscow, Russian and Syrian foreign ministers expressed concern. Sergey Lavrov said Moscow will “take measures to prevent terrorists moving from Mosul to Syria with their heavy arms, which, of course, will seriously worsen the situation in the Syrian republic.” .. “We think that it is important not to let this happen…We cannot let the terrorist leave Mosul (for) Syria with the aim to re-direct their activity.” .. Syrian Foreign Walid al-Muallem said the US-led “coalition has never fought Daesh. On the contrary, it is destroying the infrastructure of the Syrian economy, and recently destroyed a huge number of bridges on the Euphrates River…They want to move Daesh from Mosul into Raqqa.” .. Assad close political and media advisor Bouthaina Shaaban explained Washington’s dirty scheme, ignored by media scoundrels, saying redeploying ISIS fighters from Mosul to Syria would represent a “huge danger to our sovereignty, to our country.” .. “Russia and Syria are looking at this issue extremely seriously. We’re not going to sit and watch…The way they encircle Mosul shows they would like these terrorists to move into to Syria…They’re navigating terrorism from one place to another, limiting terrorism in one place, directing it to another place. That’s the absolute truth of what is happening in our region.” .. Washington and its rogue allies pay lip service alone to fighting terrorism while actively supporting it. So-called “moderates” aren’t so “moderate,” Shaaban explained. “There are no ’Syrian moderates.’ “ .. They’re cold-blooded cutthroat killers, imperial death squads, serving US imperial interests, actively supported by its coalition partners wanting Assad toppled, Syrian sovereignty destroyed, an Israeli rival eliminated, and Iran isolated ahead of repeating the same scenario against its government. .. Aided by Russia, Iran and Hezbollah fighters, Syria is engaged in the “most challenging issue for humanity in the 21st century,” Shaaban stressed – the struggle to defeat the scourge of US created and supported terrorism, threatening everyone everywhere unless challenged and eliminated. .. America intends stopping at nothing to advance its imperium – its goal, unchallenged dominion over planet earth, its resources and populations – a world unfit and unsafe to live in. Beginning with the Bill and Hillary Clinton co-presidency’s Balkan wars, culminating with the 1999 rape of Yugoslavia, all sovereign independent states have been targeted for regime change – the 9/11 false flag used as pretext to wage phony war on terrorism. ..