While speaking at her latest rally in Florida, Hillary Clinton’s speech took an abrupt turn as she just stopped in the middle of a sentence. Unfortunately for her, what happened just seconds later was all caught on tape – and she couldn’t hide it. 

Despite what she would have you believe, Hillary is not as healthy as she claims. As we’ve seen strange eye movements that hint toward Parkinson’s disease and an ever increasing difficulty to get up or down a flight of stairs , it’s safe to say she won’t make it 4 years in our White House. Hillary Clinton 

However, her most recent stunt has set a few people on edge as it goes to show that she’s suffering from more than just physical impairments. According to The American Mirror , the female presidential hopeful suffered an embarrassing moment as her brain seemingly froze mid-sentence. 

All caught on video, Hillary was speaking in Lake Worth, Florida on the topic of solar energy when the crowd started to cheer. At that moment, Hillary stopped dead in her tracks and tried to stutter through her thoughts. 

“They’re not exactly known as the sunshine states,” Clinton said. “There’s a lot of great things about those states, but think about the jobs that can be created, as well as contributing to what we need to do together to save…” she said before awkwardly pausing and finally adding, “…our country and the world.” 

Unfortunately for her, not even she could hide the embarrassing brain freeze as it was all caught on camera. Although some people are saying she may have been distracted, that doesn’t seem to be the case as it has happened before. 

In fact, there is also footage of the last ordeal that took place before she gained the nomination. While speaking at a rally where she was attacking Bernie Sanders, a similarly embarrassing series of events played out: 

Many people have been saying how Hillary’s brain isn’t quite up to par, but we’re seeing more and more of it as her campaign progresses. She has been in the campaign spotlight for about a year now, and America is starting to catch on to her dirty little secret. 

If she can’t handle one year on the campaign trail, how is she going to look in another few years after suffering the abuse that a presidential term comes with? Any responsible person would have dropped out long ago – like maybe, the first time she literally dropped in the streets at the 9/11 memorial event in New York City. 

It just goes to show how far this woman is willing to go in her pursuit of power. Let’s just hope that Donald Trump shuts her down in November before she can do our nation any more harm.