Citizens of the United States have chosen the wealthy businessman, Donald Trump, as their new President. Trump, who was considered a wild card candidate, will take control of the country in January to fill his four year term. Violent protests are raging and attacks against those who oppose Trump or fail to fit his criteria of acceptability are on the rise. Trump supporters have also been attacked. To say the very least, this is the dawning of a new age in America. To put it mildly, Trump alienated huge swaths of humanity during his campaign. Women, Mexicans, Muslims, Blacks, the media… have all taken their turns at his whipping pole. Trump’s harsh words have been used to condemn huge groups. The only people Trump hasn’t attacked are White American males.

The only people Trump hasn’t attacked are White American males.

Interestingly, Trump shares many traits with the man who brought Germany to its knees during WWII, Adolph Hitler. Hitler rallied Germans by directing national anger toward two primary groups, the Communists and the Jews. Trump rallied Americans by directing high doses of anger toward Mexico and Muslims. Trump’s perception of Mexican immigrants is way off the mark, as the majority of those who emigrate to the US are hard working people willing to perform roles most White Americans avoid, like field harvesting. Nonetheless, Trump has described them as rapists and criminals, tossing a blanket over every human being who finds their way to the US through illegal means.

When it comes to Muslims, Mr. Trump is exceptionally ignorant. He fulfills the thoughts of those in the Middle East who already believe the US has a long range plan to eliminate Islam.

Millions of Americans are having a meltdown over the election of Trump, while those who supported his bid for presidency continue to express anger and simultaneously, imitate Trump’s bully demeanor by attacking those who disagree with their point of view, particularly in social media. Insults have never been so foul and widespread. Everyone is riled, people are unsure of what to do. It seems almost certain that things are going to get a lot worse before they could ever get better. Defeating White Liberalism in the Age of Trump Brian Cloughley: “The Greatest Achievement of Mr. Trump would be Engage in Positive Discussions with Russia and China” Arise President Trump (or Why it's not the End of the World as We Know it) Trump's sexual predator characteristics - His Grandfather was a pimp, but at least he paid the women he hired On a positive note, Trump has backed off on his threat to dismantle Obamacare. One thing is certain, Donald Trump is extremely willing to toss out ideas and positions and then change his mind the following day. Unfortunately, Trump did this when initially exposing the connection between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton and ISIS.

It is an absolute fact that the United States was directly responsible for starting two more wars in the Middle East, in Syria and Libya. Both conflicts were deadly and destabilizing and waged at the request of Israel, as a Wikileaks cable recently confirmed. The mere idea that nations are trampled this way cements our understanding of how Obama and Clinton operate. It also speaks volumes about the dark ways that the US has been manipulated by the Zionist government of Israel, a nation that drains US taxpayers of more than $4 million a day. The track record of human rights violations in Israel goes well beyond unforgivable.

The ISIS expose was a golden moment for Trump, even though he didn’t stick to his guns. The wars the US has been waging in recent years are all unjustified conflicts used to make large amounts of money for groups like Halliburton and mercenary organizations. While the US government spends trillions on killing, it has historically ignored the suffering its allies direct toward their own citizens. One great example is Saudi Arabia, the radical Wahhabi government that still beheads people in public in strict violation of international law.These problems have sullied US support for many years.

The only hope for the future lies in peace and reconciliation. For Clinton, maintaining peace was a seemingly impossible task. Lest we forget it was her threats of war toward Russia and Iran that crossed the line for large numbers of Americans. Parading as a liberal, Hillary Clinton’s warmongering is legendary. The Democratic National Committee debacle that derailed the only promising candidate, Bernie Sanders, was equally reprehensible.

In the end, there were no good choices for US voters. The pro-Trump crowd may not feel as victorious once they realize that Mr. Trump does not care about them in any way, shape or form. Only days after the election, it is already being announced that the tax cuts Trump promised will only be a fraction of what he claimed, it is reminiscent of former US President George Bush's famous words, """"Read my lips: no new taxes"""". Of course each man offered the promise as an election gimmick, each time it was enough to convince Republicans. Trump is here to promote his own needs and to meet his own goals. Perhaps some of his political moves will coincide with the wishes of his voters, perhaps not.

In the meanwhile tempers are flaring, and Americans are increasingly turning against each other. The real unavoidable truth is that Donald Trump will be the next US President. He says he is going to make America great again and many of us wonder exactly what that means. In the post-WWII years there was peace, unless you were Black. Americans had freedom, unless they were women or minorities.

The United States has always waged illegal wars, dating back to the very beginning when one treaty with Native people after another, was broken. Is Donald Trump going to keep the US out of wars for the next four years? It would be a very good thing if he did.

On one hand, it seems entirely doubtful that the country will make it through four years of Donald Trump, but giving up is not the answer. If Trump goes too far out of sync, or becomes embroiled in charges that he can't pay off or threaten away, there is an impeachment process that Americans can follow.