The New York Times reported on Monday that the FBI has failed to establish “any conclusive or direct link between Mr. Trump and the Russian government.” Speaking with unnamed FBI sources, the left-wing “paper of record” reported that the FBI pursued an investigation into stateside Russian attempts to affect the presidential election. “Agents scrutinized advisors close to Donald J. Trump"""" in order to search for financial connections between Donald Trump’s political circle and “Russian financial figures,"""" reported The New York Times . A report from Slate ’s Franklin Foer sought to advance the narrative of collusion between Trump and Putin pushed by Hillary Clinton, Democrats, and affiliated political allies. It was then forwarded by left-wing Democrat media personalities and affiliates. Trump Tower had a special server to communicate with Russia's Alfa Bank, reports the eternal badass  .  — Julia Ioffe ( October 31, 2016 So, why? Why Trump's stubborn almost devotion to Putin? Why the Russia friendly policies? Why the Mantafort links? Why the secret server? — Scott Gilmore ( October 31, 2016 Putin's Puppet didn't cover his tracks: Trump server directly communicating with Russia. Voters deserve answers now.  — Chad Griffin ( November 1, 2016 Despite the narrative of Putin preferring to see Trump elected president, the FBI investigation apparently arrived at a different conclusion. The New York Times reported that unnamed FBI investigators said they “have become increasingly confident, based on the evidence they have uncovered, that Russia’s direct goal is not to support the election of Mr. Trump, as many Democrats have asserted, but rather to disrupt the integrity of the political system and undermine America’s standing in the world more broadly.” No mention was made of the Kremlin-run English-language propaganda outlet RT, which regularly pushes what can broadly be described as mostly left-wing anti-American and pro-Russian agitation. Also ignored were actual financial connections between Russian-related interests and the Clintons or their inner circle. For months, Democrat politicians and operatives have colluded with their news media allies to push a narrative of Russia’s President Vladimir Putin directing the Russian state apparatus to provide political support to Donald Trump.