HILLARY’S (Islamic) AMERICA IS ALREADY HERE where ‘Muslim NO-GO ZONES’ are popping up all over Michiganistan The rest of America may be agonizing over the security implications of taking in potential Islamic jihadists posing as refugees. But Syrian Muslim invaders are being welcomed with open arms in Hamtramck, Michigan – America’s first and only majority Muslim city. Non-Muslim residents in the Dearborn area are saying ‘You know, we’re getting ready to sell and get out of here.’” (Before property values tank as a result of the Muslim invasion with a mosque on every corner, blasting amplified Islamic Calls to Prayer several times a day) WND ( h/t Liz) Once 90 percent Polish Catholic, the blue-collar enclave just outside Detroit has been transformed by successive waves of immigrants from Bangladesh, Yemen and Bosnia. Muslims now outnumber non-Muslims, the council has a Muslim majority and the call to prayer echoes through the streets five times a day. “They’re setting this all up so they can continue their ancient squabbles that they have carried on for centuries in the Middle East right here your neighborhood,” Corcoran said. They call it “culture shift.” Places, in America, that no longer look or feel like America. (In Europe, they are referred to as NO-GO Zones) Cedar Riverside in Minneapolis fits the bill, with its large Somali community known as “Little Mogadishu,” as does and Hamtramck, Michigan, where the Islamic call to prayer is shouted over loudspeakers and the local city council is now majority-Muslim . Parts of Amarillo, Texas, have been flooded with so many Muslim refugees that some ethnic enclaves claim to have elected their own tribal leaders independent of the city government, the city’s mayor recently testified before the Texas Legislature . Then there is Dearborn, Michigan, which is now 40 percent Muslim and spilling over into neighboring cities and towns. Documentary filmmaker Dennis Michael Lynch recently drove through Dearborn, guided by a lifelong resident of the city named Brian (see video below). What Brian showed him was not just a culture shift but something closer to a shock. Women walk the streets dressed in long, black burqas that cover all but their eyes. Almost all the signs on storefronts are in Arabic or some other Middle Eastern dialect. Arab businessmen buy up commercial properties, force out the American tenants and replace them with similar businesses run by Muslims, Brian told Lynch in the documentary. The same phenomenon is now beginning to occur in nearby Sterling Heights, Troy, Oak Park and Clinton Township. In Sterling Heights, residents informed WND this week that Middle Eastern refugees are being housed in a local hotel owned by an Arab-American businessman. But in Dearborn, the tremendous growth in the Muslim community started more than 20 years ago, fueled by local universities and industry. Muslims voting for Muslims only “Brian still lives there. He’s not going anywhere,” Lynch told WND in an interview. “It depends on where you go in the city, but certain segments are 100 percent Muslim. Brian said to be prepared. We went through the areas, went shopping at the food mart. You really don’t feel like you are in America anymore.” Lynch said he was a regular contributor on Fox News between 2012 and 2015, until he started making hard-hitting documentaries on the U.S. immigration system. In certain areas in Dearborn. “You have two areas, and it’s almost like the Ford plants separate the two sides, and when you cross to the other side it’s totally radical again. We went to a park where kids were playing after school with the mothers all there, and everybody was dressed in full burqa. It was almost like it was Halloween. I’d never seen anything like it in my life.” Dearborn does not exist on an island. Residents of southeastern Michigan have every reason to expect their towns will one day look like Dearborn, Lynch said, thanks to President Obama’s Syrian refugee resettlement program, which Hillary Clinton says she’d like to expand by more than 500 percent. This is “Hillary’s America,” says a resident of nearby Rochester Hills who is one of the co-founders of SecureMichigan.org , a group that started up last year with the mission of helping educate Michiganders about Shariah law and Islamic settlements. He said the Islamization is literally moving from town to town in Oakland, Macomb and Wayne counties. “The Sterling Heights story is significant because we have these budding ‘Shariahvilles’ in Michigan,” he said. “We know there are refugees being planted. Now, in Rochester Hills, I’ve got five covered women walking down my street, and that’s never happened until two weeks ago.” In one 18-day period from Oct. 1 through Oct. 18, the U.S. State Department and its federal contractors have sent 199 Syrians to three counties in southeast Michigan – Oakland, Macomb and Wayne –and Oakland County leaders have not received any advance notice of the arrivals, said sources familiar with the growing controversy. The government contractors secretly planting the refugees in southeast Michigan are Lutheran Services/Samaritas, Catholic Charities of Southeast Michigan, USRI and Episcopal Migration Services. In Dearborn, the tremendous growth in the Muslim community started more than 20 years ago, fueled by local universities and industry. “Brian still lives there. He’s not going anywhere,” Lynch told WND in an interview. “It depends on where you go in the city, but certain segments are 100 percent Muslim. Brian said to be prepared. We went through the areas, went shopping at the food mart. You really Dearborn is but a harbinger of things to come for many more cities and towns across America if Hillary Clinton is elected president of the United States. “I think if she gets elected you’re going to see more immigration from Mideast countries than under any of the previous presidents including Obama, because she obviously has ties to those countries, getting an incredible amount of money donated from them,” Lynch said. “These donations come with strings. They come with side deals, and we don’t know what they are. It may be something as simple as ‘OK, we want to see more immigration from our country or some other country into the United States.’ Why else is there any need to increase the Syrian refugee settlements in America? There’s no reason. “If you look at all at the pay-for-play things, Muslims have said they want to spread Islam across the globe. The one country that doesn’t have that much of it is the United States.” Member of first Muslim-majority City Council warns: “Today we show the Polish”…thatMuslims are in charge. Within moments of winning the city’s election, an organizer involved in the government takeover was caught making ominous threats against non-Muslims in the city. HillaryDaily T his warning is no doubt troubling in its own right, but becomes even more unsettling when one pairs the comment with recent polling that suggests what Muslims would do should they take over any facet of government. Over half reject the first amendment, while 46% want blasphemers punished. 12% percent would even like to see those who commit blasphemy killed outright. Given their comments about the white population in the area, coupled with the sobering statistics outlined in the recent poll, it looks as if the city of Hamtramck, Michigan may be faced with a extremist city council under which they must be governed.