George Soros’ direct involvement in spreading the unrest in the United States that was triggered by the recent Donald Trump’s victory at the presidential election is hardly a secret to anyone now. George Soros and other wealthy liberals who have spent tens of millions of dollars on Hillary Clinton’s campaign are gathering in Washington on Sunday evening on a three-day closed conference to close their ranks in the fight against Donald Trump, the POLITICO notes . It’s reported that the conference, which kicked off Sunday night at Washington’s pricey Mandarin Oriental hotel, is sponsored by the influential Democracy Alliance donor club, and will include appearances by leaders of most leading unions and liberal groups. It’s safe to assume that liberals plan full-on trench warfare against Trump from day one. Soros’ business practises have been heavily criticized by various analysts over the years, since this billionaire is often referred to as a speculator. The Quantum company that Soros heads over the last forty years has produced a fortune that remains unseen in the world of hedge funds – 35 billion dollars. The US mortgage crisis alone allowed Soros to raise over a billion dollars in just two years. However, it’s clear that Soros is not contended with the amount of money he has, since he’s been displaying a paranoid desire to control the world, while investing his wealth into the so-called color revolutions that are aimed at toppling elected officials across the world. Due to a number of scandals when sensitive to Soros documents were uploaded on the Internet after being stolen by anonymous hackers, we now know that Soros’ Open Society has been trying to influence certain political developments in a number of European countries. The billionaire has been repeatedly accused of staging color revolutions in a number of Eastern European countries, including Georgia. In 2015 a coup d’etat in Ukraine resulted in Petro Poroshenko taking the power in the country. Now he has awarded Soros with the Order of Freedom to honor his “comitment to the democratic changes that are taking place in Ukraine.”