Hillary Clinton’s email to her current campaign manager John Podesta dated August 17, 2014 implicates Qatar and Saudi Arabia as the main “logistical and financial” supporters of the Islamic State. In the email, Clinton recommended the United States use its “diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets to bring pressure on the governments of Qatar and Saudi Arabia” to put them “in a position of balancing policy between their ongoing competition to dominate the Sunni world and the consequences of serious U.S. pressure.” 

Secretary of State Clinton’s proposal appears to be a reaction to growing awareness of the role Gulf monarchies have played in supporting and funding not only the Islamic State and al-Nusra but a constellation of jihadi groups in the Middle East. Left unmentioned by Clinton is the fact the United States under a number of administrations has worked closely with the Gulf monarchies to spread Sunni Wahhabism across the Muslim world. 

The financial elite in the West played a direct role in the spread of Wahhabism. In 1976 Saudi Prince Mohammed al-Faisal established the Faisal Islamic Bank of Egypt (FIBE). Several of founding members were leading members of the Muslim Brotherhood, including the “Blind Sheikh,” Sheikh Omar Abdul-Rahman, implicated and in the first World Trade Center bombing in February 1993. The Muslim Brotherhood became an MI6 and later a CIA asset during the covert war and assassination plot against the nationalist pan-Arab leader in Egypt, Gamal Abdel Nasser. 

FIBE and the rise of Islamic banking following the dramatic increase in oil prices in 1973 are closely associated with neoliberal financial policies and the philosophy of the of the Chicago School of Economics and the monetary prescriptions of the International Monetary Fund. FIBE worked closely with the infamous Bank of Credit and Commerce International (BCCI), a renegade bank used to fund covert terrorist activity and launder money, sell illegal weapons, and facilitate the international drug trade.