As millions of Americans go to the polls today, a mood of anger and frustration prevails throughout the country. On Sunday, CBS News’ 60 Minutes featured a focus group discussion of the elections. When asked by pollster Frank Luntz for a word to describe how they felt about the more than a year-and-a-half election campaign, the participants responded: “terrified,” “exasperating,” “horrifying,” “disgusted” and “nightmare.” The fact that the two main candidates, Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump, are the most widely despised in the history of presidential politics has been substantiated in innumerable polls. But the contempt felt toward the two candidates expresses a deeper alienation from the entire structure of official capitalist politics. The candidates and the media have ignored the social, economic and political issues that concern the overwhelming majority of the people. The official election “debates”—in which each candidate denounced the other’s criminality—embarrassed and disgusted the electorate. Both Clinton and Trump personify, each in their own way, the corrupt and reactionary character of the political system. What is the choice that has been given the American people? It is hard to say which of the candidates offered by the two parties is more right-wing, the difference being more a matter of style than substance. While the demagogue Trump is trying to direct social discontent along fascistic lines, Clinton is using the cynical narrative of race and gender to provide a “progressive” mask for an agenda of war and the continuation of economic policies that have guaranteed an endless flow of cash into the pockets of the super-rich. The verdict of Wall Street on its prospects under a Clinton presidency could be seen in the reaction of stock markets to the announcement by FBI Director James Comey that the agency is not pursuing criminal charges against Clinton over her emails. The Dow Jones Industrial Average soared 371 points. The Clinton campaign has marshaled behind it significant sections of the Republican Party establishment, including many of the neoconservative architects of the 2003 invasion of Iraq. The Democratic Party campaign, well aware of its candidate’s unpopularity, is relying on the oldest form of political blackmail to bring out the vote for Hillary Clinton. She is, the party and its apologists insist, the “lesser evil.” As bad as Clinton is, the argument goes, she must be supported to avert the disaster that would inevitably follow the election of Trump. The problem with the “lesser evil” argument is that it leads to results that are worse than what those who voted one way or the other were hoping to prevent. The “terrible Trump” theory of American politics explains nothing. The nomination of this absurd and obscene blowhard is itself an outcome of the deep crisis of American society. He is the political equivalent of the metastatic spread of a primary and deadly tumor. Trump is the product of a corporate-dominated political culture, which, for at least the last 40 years, has promoted social backwardness and reaction. However, it is too simple to blame Fox News, talk radio and campaign finance laws for the nomination of Trump. The popular response to his demagogic slogans reflects genuine social distress. Many workers who are planning on voting for him today previously backed the Democratic Party campaign of Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. One of the main consequences of Sanders’ efforts to channel his “political revolution” behind Clinton was to guarantee that social anger and hostility to the status quo would be identified with the political right. In the final analysis, Trump’s rise is a product of the political bankruptcy of the Democratic Party. Unable to present a positive political message that can attract mass support, Clinton has waged her campaign against Trump on the lowest and most reactionary level. First, the Democrats and their media flacks have denounced Trump as an agent of the Russian president, asserting that Vladimir Putin is seeking to influence the elections by hacking Democratic Party emails. This claim has been endlessly repeated without any factual substantiation. The repackaging of McCarthyite red-baiting, with Russia replacing the Soviet Union, has been used to distract attention from the content of the emails released by WikiLeaks.