Hillary Clin­ton faced an up­set in her run for the White House two days ago af­ter the FBI an­nounced a fresh probe into her emails. In­ves­ti­ga­tors will examine new mes­sages to see whether she sent clas­si­fied in­for­ma­tion on a private server. Just ten days be­fore Amer­i­cans go to the polls, the Demo­crat candidate’s bid to be­come the first woman US pres­i­dent may be de­railed if it is de­cided she should face crim­i­nal charges. ‘I AM INNOCENT!’ Recent Polls sug­gest Mrs Clinton will trounce Repub­li­can ri­val Don­ald Trump, who has been strug­gling to fight al­le­ga­tions about grop­ing women. But Mrs Clin­ton will now be forced on the de­fen­sive her­self in the fi­nal days of their vi­cious elec­tion bat­tle. FBI di­rec­tor James Comey had rec­om­mended ear­lier this year that the Department of Jus­tice not press charges over emails sent by Mrs Clin­ton when she was sec­re­tary of state un­der Barack Obama. But he said ‘re­cent de­vel­op­ments’ had prompted him to take an­other look. The agency has ob­tained new emails from an un­re­lated case that ‘ap­pear per­ti­nent’ to the in­ves­ti­ga­tion, said Mr Comey. A ju­bi­lant Mr Trump hailed the dra­matic de­vel­op­ment of a re-opened investigation as ‘big­ger than Water­gate’, a ref­er­ence to the cor­rup­tion scan­dal that brought down Richard Nixon. ‘Bigger than Watergate’ The con­tro­versy has weighed heav­ily on the cam­paign, chal­leng­ing Mrs Clinton’s key con­tention that – un­like her opponent – she would be a safe pair of hands in the White House. Mr Comey an­nounced in July that the FBI’s 12-month investigation into Mrs Clinton’s con­tro­ver­sial email traf­fic while secretary of state was over. She was crit­i­cised for us­ing a pri­vate email server rather than the of­fi­cial system to trans­mit clas­si­fied in­for­ma­tion, but escaped prose­cu­tion. In a harshly-worded crit­i­cism of her ‘ex­treme care­less­ness’ and ‘gross negligence’, Mr Comey said it was pos­si­ble that hos­tile for­eign govern­ments had gained ac­cess to her poorly-pro­tected ac­count. He also flatly con­tra­dicted var­i­ous Clinton claims al­though – in ex­plain­ing why he had not rec­om­mended pros­e­cut­ing her – he ac­cepted there was no evidence she had in­ten­tion­ally jeop­ar­dised state se­crets. The scan­dal has been bran­dished by Repub­li­cans as ev­i­dence of Mrs Clin­ton’s dis­hon­esty and in­com­pe­tence. Mr Comey informed Congress by let­ter that his agency had ob­tained new emails. They will be re­viewed to see if they are sig­nif­i­cant and if new ac­tion against Mrs Clin­ton is re­quired. Mr Comey did not give a time­frame for how long this in­ves­ti­ga­tion will take. The orig­i­nal FBI probe found that of 30,000 emails Mrs Clin­ton handed over to the State Depart­ment, 110 con­tained in­for­ma­tion that was clas­si­fied at the time she sent or re­ceived them. How­ever, an­other 33,000 emails went miss­ing. They were pre­sumed to have been per­ma­nently deleted but newly re­leased FBI notes sug­gested they still ex­ist in sev­eral locations and could be re­cov­ered. It is un­clear whether any of these are in­volved in the new FBI in­quiry. Law en­force­ment of­fi­cials said the newly dis­cov­ered emails were taken from the elec­tronic de­vices of se­nior Clin­ton aide Huma Abe­din and her dis­graced hus­band An­thony Weiner dur­ing an in­ves­ti­ga­tion in the lat­ter’s ‘sex­ting’ of girls.