Donald Trump has been claiming for weeks that the election is going to be “rigged” to prevent him from winning. He has made repeated calls to his supporters to go to the polls and keep an eye on what is going on. Even though a number of GOP candidates and officeholders have rejected Trump’s claim that there will be massive voter fraud, in some places the Republican Party is holding training classes for poll watchers. 

In-person voter fraud, which is what the GOP has claimed for several years is costing their candidates elections, has been repeatedly proven to be so rare as to almost not exist. But that doesn’t stop people like Trump from raising the alarm about it. And what he has been saying is having an effect. 

According to The Washington Times, Arizona Republican officials say that in 2012 their poll watcher training sessions attracted maybe 50 or 60 people. This year, thanks to Trump’s Chicken Little-type warning, that number has increased to over 1,000. 

In Virginia, which has moved from red to purple to relatively blue in recent years, poll watcher trainees at a class in Fairfax County, just outside Washington D.C., expressed their belief that Trump is correct , according to The Wall Street Journal. 

Penny Hendrix, a 52-year-old stay at home mom, said this: 

“Very clearly there is going to be massive voter fraud, and it will definitely be to ensure Hillary Clinton wins. I’ve been concerned about this for some time, and Trump bringing it up is raising awareness.” 

Except that he is raising awareness of a problem that isn’t really a problem at all. Even the extremely right-wing Heritage Foundation, which produced a list of voter fraud convictions , could only put together about 300 examples. Now, 300 cases of voter fraud in one national election where millions of ballots are cast is a very small amount. But the Heritage list covers multiple years and multiple elections, making the impact even smaller than miniscule. The GOP has truly become an organization of Don Quixotes who are preparing to tilt at imaginary illegal voters.