For decades, media networks, newspapers, and journalists have vowed to keep exit polling information to themselves, until all the polls have closed. This was decided because there was the overall thought that real-time voting information, on Election Day, could sway those who had not yet cast their votes. However, that silence will be broken for the 2016 presidential election.

VoteCastr will be providing real-time voting data from eight battleground states. This information is being collected using the same techniques as the presidential campaigns.

At 3:48 p.m. ET, the voting data was given as follows: Over 83 percent of the expected voters have cast their ballots in Florida. Thus far, Hillary Clinton has 48 percent and Donald Trump has 45 percent of the state.

In Colorado, 80 percent of the votes have been counted. Currently, Clinton holds a three-point lead over her Republican opponent.

More than 66 percent of the registered voters have cast their ballots in Iowa. At this time, Trump has a narrow lead of 1 percent.

Wisconsin has turned in 62 percent of their votes. Clinton leads with 48 percent of the votes. Trump trails with 43 percent.

In Nevada, almost 69 percent of registered voters have cast their ballots. Clinton currently leads by a narrow 1 percent.

Clinton holds a 1 percent lead in Ohio. So far, 74 percent of voters have made their choice.

Over 63 percent of the votes have been collected in Pennsylvania. Trump is trailing Clinton by 3 percent.

The VoteCastr model is showing Clinton in place to win these eight battleground states. However, there is an expected surge of votes for Trump, later today. Nevertheless, if Clinton maintains her three-point lead in Florida, her victory will be solidified.

In order for Trump to take the 2016 presidential election, he would have to gain electoral votes from all the states in this report. In the last hour, Trump has not only tightened the gap in Ohio and Iowa, he has a one-point lead. Clinton leads in the remainder of these battleground states, however, her lead has narrowed from 4 to 3 percent.

Guardian Liberty Voice will continue to provide updates throughout the election.