On November 9, 2016, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump could become the first president-elect to be named as a defendant in a child rape case. 

A woman named Katie Johnson filed a 100 million dollar federal lawsuit against Trump in a New York federal court this summer. 

Johnson filed a similar federal lawsuit in California on May 2, but her case was thrown out due to a clerical error. 

The alleged victim later refiled her case in a New York federal court. 

Johnson accuses Trump along with his long time friend Jeff Epstein, who’s also a billionaire financier and convicted sex offender, of raping a woman when she was only 13-years-old in 1994. 

In a court affidavit, the alleged victim, who is identified in court documents as “Jane Doe,” said that Trump hit her and raped her while she was tied to a bed in Epstein’s posh upper east side New York apartment. 

Epstein was convicted in 2008 of soliciting sex from an underage girl. He served 13 months of an 18-year prison term before being released. 

In the affidavit, Johnson also mentions that Trump threatened her life. 

The alleged victim’s accounts are corroborated by two witnesses (identified in court records as “Joan Doe” and “Tiffany Doe”), who allegedly worked as “party planners” for Epstein. 

“I personally witnessed four sexual encounters that the Plaintiff was forced to have with Mr. Trump during this period, including the fourth of these encounters where Mr. Trump forcibly raped her despite her pleas to stop,” Tiffany Doe alleges . 

Tiffany Doe also claimed to have witnessed Trump force Jane Doe and an unidentified 12-year-old girl (identified in court records as Maria) to perform oral sex on him, then continue to physically abuse the girls after the act concluded. 

In court documents, Tiffany Doe said that part of her job was to “personally witness and supervise encounters between the underage girls that Mr. Epstein hired and his guests.” 

According to the former “party planner,” both Trump and Epstein threatened Jane Doe if she ever revealed what they had done. They used Maria’s disappearance as collateral that they would make good on their threat, implying that they had the girl murdered. 

“I personally witnessed Defendant Trump telling the Plaintiff that she shouldn’t ever say anything if she didn’t want to disappear like the 12-year-old female Maria, and that he was capable of having her whole family killed,” Tiffany Doe alleged. 

When Tiffany Doe stopped working for Epstein in 2002, she said the billionaire threatened to kill her and her family if she ever came forward about his activities. 

“I fully understand that that the life of myself and my family is now in grave danger,” she said. 

A federal judge has ordered a hearing concerning Johnson’s case to be held on December 16.