The Russian navy is planning a massive attack on Aleppo within the next 24 hours, according to a Ministry of Defence source. A group of ships including an aircraft carrier, a nuclear power guided missile cruiser and two destroyers is reportedly ready to strike from the Mediterranean Sea. But the Russian source insisted the missiles will aim for areas surrounding Aleppo to avoid harming the 200,000 civilians still living there. ‘The group’s main goal is to carry out missile strikes on terrorists outside of Aleppo that are attempting to get into the city’, they told Gazeta.ru . ‘The strikes will avoid the city of Aleppo to prevent civilian casualties, because terrorists continue to use city residents as human shields.’ The source added that the details of the strike are still being finalised as they navy zeros in on exact targets around the Syrian city. The strikes could apparently include Kalibr cruise missiles, launched from a submarine. The strikes could apparently include Kalibr cruise missiles, although these would be launched from a submarine Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov is among the group in the Mediterranean Sea It comes on the day of the US election, after American officials have condemned Russia’s bombing campaign in Syria. Secretary of state John Kerry has called on Russia, which supports dictator Bashar-al-Assad against rebel groups, to stop bombing civilians in what he described as the ‘largest of humanitarian disasters’. But President Putin has denied any ‘war crimes’ and asked for evidence that his forces are bombing innocents. Russian planes were allegedly responsible for a strike killing at least seven children and two pregnant women in Syria’s rebel stronghold province of Idlib on Tuesday. 

+6 Russian planes were allegedly responsible for strikes killing at least seven children and two pregnant women in Syria’s rebel stronghold province of Idlib on Tuesday The strike hit the town of Khan Sheikun in the south of the province, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitor said. The Britain-based group, which relies on a network of sources inside Syria for its information, says it determines what planes carried out raids according to their type, location, flight patterns and the munitions involved. In Moscow, the defence ministry denied that Russian aircraft had been in the area on Tuesday, and accused the Observatory of ‘information provocations’. Russia began its air campaign in support of the government in September 2015, saying it was targeting ‘terrorists.’ ‘The strike hit a street where children were playing. Three of the dead children were from one family and were visiting their grandfather,’ Observatory director Rami Abdel Rahman said.