It was a campaign ad that ignited a firestorm: Donald Trump Jr. tweeted a photo of a bowl of skittles and compared the colorful candy to Syrian jihadists posing as refugees. Now, the man who took the photo is suing Donald Trump, Donald Trump Jr., and vice-presidential nominee Mike Pence for copyright infringement. Liberals accused the tweet of being insenstive, racist, and a micro-agression which forced them to seek shelter in the nearest safe room. CBC David Kittos, an expert photographer and former Cypriot refugee, says he never gave permission and never would give permission for his photo to be used in the ad. “The image, the way it was used is reprehensible,” said Kittos from his home in Surrey, England, in an interview with CBC News. “It’s ignoring the plight of the refugees and it’s completely unacceptable that someone who was born into privilege would steal my picture and use it to make this political point.” Kittos says when he first saw the tweet, he was “in shock.” He explains he took the photo in 2010 as an experiment using artificial lighting and posted it on Flickr . “I just couldn’t believe my humble picture of some Skittles would just be used by someone so powerful.” Kittos says his lawyer reached out to the Trump campaign to discuss the matter but got no response. So he reported a copyright violation to Twitter, and about a week after it was posted his Skittles photo was removed from Trump Jr.’s tweet. Even though his photo is no longer connected to the ad, Kittos decided to file a lawsuit at a federal court in Illinois. He says he wants to ensure the Trump campaign never uses the work again. As well, he wants to spread the message that “they can’t go around stealing from authors like myself. They’re not above the law.” The Trump campaign told CBC News it’s not commenting on the case at this time. Back in September, Trump Jr. defended the tweet. “I am surprised by the reaction simply because it is a metaphor for risk,” he said at a campaign stop in Boise, Idaho. Trump’s election campaign has called for “extreme vetting” of immigrants to the U.S., especially Muslims, to help weed out anyone who could be a danger to American citizens. While Trump’s position is popular with some Americans, his eldest son’s tweet ignited outrage on social media. “Sorry kid. For all we know you could be a poisonous Skittle,” someone tweeted along with a well-known photo of an injured and bloodied young Syrian boy. “The stupidity ensues,” commented another person. Even the Skittles owner, Mars, Inc., weighed in. “Skittles are candy. Refugees are people,” tweeted Denise Young, vice-president of corporate affairs. Kittos is seeking yet to be determined damages as part of the lawsuit. But he says he’s not in it for the money and would have settled a for a public apology. Because that didn’t happen, he says he’s pursuing the lawsuit because “it’s the right thing to do.”