Almost on the eve of the 2016 presidential election, outgoing president Barack Obama issued an executive order that is intended to coordinate all the world’s health agencies in alignment with the CDC’s intention to increase detainment and quarantining guidelines enforcement worldwide. 

Executive orders (EO) are legally binding as laws, though an incoming president can issue EOs to cancel or revise some of those issued by the previous president. They are handy for an administration to avoid Congressional delays and conflicts, which can create unfavorable amendments or nullifying it completely. 

Congress can also amend executive orders and the Supreme Court can nullify them. But those are lengthy and give the administration involved time to enforce the executive order through the executive branches several agencies, including the CDC and the Department of Health and Human Services. 

The executive branch can end-around Congress to create statutes and enforceable policies with executive orders, euphemistically called “presidential memoranda” these days. Executive Order to be Used Against Vaccine Resistance? 

This recent executive order is of grave concern for advocates of health freedom. It is called “Advancing the Global Health Security Agenda to Achieve a World Safe and Secure from Infectious Disease Threats,” and it was signed and issued on November 4 th , 2016. 

It seems innocuous at first glance, but one set of initials shows up often, GHSA . It stands for Global Health Security Agenda. 

This term first appeared in a CDC proposal in 2014, during the Disney measles outbreak. This proposal focused mostly on its “vaccine package.” It rested comfortably on the nationally orchestrated outcry against vaccination resistance . Some journalists even suggested jailing parents who did not have their children vaccinated. 

Several state legislators jumped in with proposals to create laws mandating vaccinations by removing exemptions previously allowed and not allowing kids to attend school without vaccine compliance. Fortunately for the rest of the nation, only California succeeded completely with State Senator Pan’s push of SB 277 despite strong grassroots opposition. 

The hysteria made it into presidential politics. Congressional Senator Bernie Sanders, who was vying to become the Democratic presidential nominee, declared in so many words that unvaccinated children are killers prior to his attempted run for the Democratic Party presidential nomination. 

Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton openly declared: 

“The science is clear: The earth is round, the sky is blue, and vaccines work. Let’s protect all our kids.” 

All this innocently ignorant or pharmaceutical industry rewarded hysteria was perfect timing for the CDC to set the goals expected to be implemented within five years of 2015. Here is some of their 2014 “suggested” policy that is now framed within Obama’s recent Executive Order: A functioning national vaccine delivery system that is able to respond to new disease threats. At least 90% coverage of the country’s fifteen-month-old population with at least one dose of measles containing vaccines. Note: The CDC’s doctored Atlanta children vaccine 2004 study threw out evidence proving children under three years of age were vulnerable to autism from the MMR, per testimony and original documents provided by CDC whistleblower Dr. William Thompson . The CDC claimed in this document that their emphasis on measles serves as a proxy for what they consider “vaccine preventable disease (VPD)” compliance. It also helps that most of the nation was swept up in pro-vaccination hysteria after the not so large Disney measles outbreak that resulted in no deaths. In other words, the CDC is seeking absolute 90 percent plus compliance eventually with all VPDs, even as records of outbreaks among highly vaccinated populations prove vaccines are not so effective after all. A fact denied is how extremely dangerous vaccines are and how they create lowered health among those spared serious acute vaccine injuries.