In a fit of thundering insanity, Hillary Clinton, her media pals and Barack Obama decided to go to war with the FBI. Their pretext was that Hillary Clinton is supposed to have immunity from the FBI before the election. And Comey was being irresponsible and violating protocol, the Hatch Act and the Thou Shalt Not Impede the Electoral Prospects of Democrats mandate. 

Most Americans have the good sense to think that this is a bunch of rubbish . 

Hillary Clinton and President Obama are outraged about the F.B.I.director James Comey’s decision to disclose further inquiries into her handling of confidential email, but are the American people? 

Shockingly the American people are not all that outraged about the FBI investigating a corrupt criminal... not nearly as much as the corrupt criminal and her political allies are. 

In an online Morning Consult poll of approximately 3,200 registered voters, only 19 percent agreed with the statement that prosecutors should wait until after Election Day to make announcements about investigations concerning political figures or elected officials. Instead,60 percent agreed that prosecutors should be able to make announcements about investigations concerning political figures or elected officials close to Election Day even if it might affect the election. (Another 21 percent said they don’t know or had no opinion.) 

In news that's shocking to the Times, the American people are once again out of step with their left-wing masters. 

When the investigation into Mrs. Clinton was mentioned before the question, partisans differed by almost 50 percentage points in their attitude toward pre-election disclosures, which were endorsed by 83 percent of Republicans but just 34 percent of Democrats — an even larger gap than observed with the generic prompt. By contrast, mentioning Mr. Trump’s foundation eliminated the gap between the parties in support for publicizing investigations, which was backed by 57 percent of Democrats and 58 percent of Republicans. 

One might conclude that Republicans are the more ethical and honest party.