Russian President Vladimir Putin held telephone talks with the US President-elect Donald Trump. This was reported on Monday, November 14, by the Kremlin press service. 



The Russian leader again congratulated the Republican candidate for his victory in the elections and wished him success in the implementation of the pre-election program. The Head of State expressed readiness for partnership with the new administration of the White House """"on principles of equality, mutual respect, and non-interference in each others internal affairs."""" 



Putin and Trump, as noted by the Kremlin press service, agreed in effect that Russian-US relations are in """"very poor condition."""" They also spoke in favor of active joint work towards their normalization and """"in the direction of constructive cooperation on a wide range of issues,"""" including """"the creation of a sound basis of bilateral ties through the development of trade and economic components."""" 



Both sides, as stated in the report, also agreed on the need for joint efforts in the struggle against the """"common enemy number one"""" - international terrorism and extremism. """"In this vein, they also discussed issues toward settlement of the crisis in Syria."""". 



Putin and Trump agreed to continue contacts by phone and in the future to hold a private meeting. Preparations will be engaged in by representatives of both parties. 



Earlier, also on November 14, the President's press secretary Dmitry Peskov said that a meeting between Putin and Trump is not planned, but contacts between them are not excluded. """"Contacts - this is not necessarily a meeting, it may be an exchange of messages, and telephone conversations,"""" he said. 



On November 12 Trump announced that he had scheduled a telephone conversation with the Russian president. He also said that he had received messages from the majority of world leaders, including a """"beautiful"""" letter from Putin. 



Trump was elected US President on the results of elections held on 8 November. On the same day, Putin was among the first congratulated the new US leader's telegram, wishing him every success as head of state.