Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam. 

A generation ago the Communist tyranny in Cuba demanded that the United Nations condemn America for the embargo. The brutal Castro regime’s rant accused the United States of threatening “nuclear annihilation,” “countless acts of sabotage and plans to assassinate Cuban leaders.” 

On a cold day in October, the European left-wing activist serving as UN Ambassador announced to applause that her administration would no longer be voting to defend the US at the UN. 

""""UN Member States have voted overwhelmingly for a General Assembly resolution that condemns the U.S. embargo and calls for it to be ended. The United States has always voted against this resolution. Today the United States will abstain,"""" Samantha Power said. 

""""Thank you,"""" she added, acknowledging the applause. 

Under Obama, the United States would no longer defend the United States. A generation ago the Communists had been in Cuba. Now they were in Washington D.C. 

Instead of defending America, Obama’s chosen representative agreed that our Communist enemies had a point about our lack of human rights and our imperialist foreign policy. 

“Let me be among the first to acknowledge – as our Cuban counterparts often point out – that the United States has work to do in fulfilling these rights for our own citizens. And we know that at times in our history, U.S. leaders and citizens used the pretext of promoting democracy and human rights in the region to justify actions that have left a deep legacy of mistrust,” she said. 

If the Cuban representative had been in her place, he could not have done much better. Communist Cuban propaganda was now being parroted by Ambassador Power. If the Castro dictatorship wanted to save money, it could shut down its propaganda department and outsource the labor to Washington D.C. 

The Cuban ambassador boasted that Cuban Communists had “rid ourselves of US imperialism” and proclaimed that, “We will never go back to capitalism.” He declared that the resolution was a powerful message to “the peoples of the world.” The message is indeed unmistakable. 

Ben Rhodes, the close Obama adviser who sold the media on the Iran sellout, curtly tweeted his justification, “No reason to vote to defend a failed policy we oppose.” 

Who is this “we”? 

The Cuban embargo is the “law of the land”. It’s the official policy of the United States. It’s based on laws passed by Congress and implemented by President John F. Kennedy and his successors. 

This “we” certainly isn’t the United States government, its elected representatives in the legislative and executive branches working together to end the old policy and implement a new one. 

One member of the “we” must be Ben Rhodes because he tells us so. Who is Rhodes? An “aspiring” novelist who pushed Obama to back the Muslim Brotherhood takeover of Egypt, the Iran nuke sellout and now, apparently, choosing Communist Cuba over America. 

No one has ever elected Rhodes to anything, but under left-wing rule, he outweighs Congress, President Kennedy, the law of the land and the national interests of the United States. 

“We” is Obama who made the final decision. It’s Ambassador Samantha Power. It’s a number of other functionaries all of whom derive their power from a single elected official who is only one third of the government. This is the “we” that announced its treasonous opposition to the US at the UN. 

America has a “we” problem.