Russian fighter jets are constantly probing Nato’s defences over the Baltic states, with more than 600 ‘interceptions’ so far this year. Ironically, considering the history, the Nato pilots defending the skies over Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania are often German. Seven German fighter pilots are based at an air base at Amari, west of the Estonian capital Tallinn. Lieutenant Colonel Swen Jacob, the commander of the German pilots, said they often flew as close as 10 yards from the Russian jets and one occasion a Russian pilot gave him a middle-fingered salute. Lt Col Jacob joked to the Washington Post : ‘Maybe he watched too much “Top Gun”.’ But the situation in the Baltic is deadly serious, with the Russian air force clearly under orders from President Vladimir Putin to be more aggressive in the air. An RAF Eurofighter Typhoon plane takes off over a field of poppies. German Typhoons are currently based in Amari, Estonia, and it is possible they will be replaced by British Typhoons in January The Typhoon jet (left) is flown by the German air force and the RAF aswell as the Italian and Spanish air forces. It is matched in the air with the Russian Sukhoi SU-27 Flanker (right) The German pilots have scrambled 34 times since they were posted in Estonia on August 31, with Sukhoi SU-27 Flanker jets the most common threat. The Russian planes are free to fly along an international airspace corridor running between St Petersburg and the Kaliningrad enclave and west as far as the Danish island of Falster. Russian pilots often fly without transponders, making them virtually invisible and increasing the danger of mid-air collisions. Lt Col Jacob told the Post: ‘The fighter aircraft are almost always armed to the teeth. Six kinds of missiles. They could carry up to 10.’ This Sukhoi SU-27 Flanker showed off its abilities at the Farnborough air show a few years ago, before the icy blasts of the new cold war descended on Europe The Flanker’s full armoury includes Vympel R-27, R-73 and R-77 air-to-air missiles, Zvezda Kh-35U anti-ship missiles, S-8 and S-13 rockets and a collection of guided bombs and cluster bombs. The French air force also has four fighter jets based at Šiauliai in Lithuania. Both the French and German contingents are due to be rotated out of the area in January and replaced by other Nato pilots, including possibly RAF pilots from Britain.