There are only weeks left until we find out if we have a President Trump or a President Clinton. Donald Trump is perceived as the candidate who is against the corrupt establishment, while Hillary Clinton is seen as part and fabric of the establishment and as the most corrupt candidate to run for President in the history of the country.

A President Clinton in a few weeks would return us to the hostile climate towards India that we saw in the 1990s overseen by her husband. After he took office in 1993 the US relationship with India went on a considerable down-slide. For nearly a year, Clinton did not bother appointing an ambassador to India even as he went about opposing India on multiple fronts, leading to anger in the Indian establishment. Initially he was intent on disarming and weakening India by preventing access to technology and also mounted a sustained attack on the Indian economy by imposing several economic sanctions.

In 1991, Senator Joe Biden, who is now the Vice President under Barack Obama, introduced an amendment in the bill granting aid to Russia, making the aid conditional on the fact that Russia could not sell cryogenic engines for India's space programme. The Clinton administration was hellbent on hurting the development of India's space and technology sectors and blocked the sale of Cray supercomputers that had been approved under the Ronald Reagan administration. India was also targeted for several economic sanctions and was threatened under what was called the Super 301 clause of the American trade law.

These economic sanctions were specifically borne out in the way Mr Clinton attacked the Indian textile and carpet industries. Throughout the 1990s, the terms """"Dunkel Draft"""", """"Super 301"""", """"WTO"""" and """"patent laws"""" became synonyms for the US attempts to retard the Indian economy and led to many protests in India.

By 1996, India was justified in believing that Indo-US relations had hit the lowest point, but things took a dramatic turn for the worse during Bill Clinton's second term in office. Madeleine Albright became the new Secretary of State and she was increasingly hostile to India especially through her pseudo-racist television outbursts. In fact she loved attacking India so much she went at it after leaving office and called for a plebiscite in Kashmir, justifying the actions of violent groups in the process.