As Donald Trump’s transition team continues to debate who will fill key cabinet positions, the competition between potential appointees is growing more fierce with one insider describing it as a “knife fight.” So far, Trump has named RNC head Reince Priebus as Chief Of Staff and the controversial Breitbart executive, Steve Bannon, as Chief Strategist. While the transition team has been guarded so far about who will fill the remaining roles, communications adviser Jason Miller confirmed that Trump’s cabinet will be anything but “traditional”: “You’re going to see a number of different names that are ultimately becoming a part of the President-elect’s administration. There will be non-traditional names, a number of people who have had wide-ranging success in a number of different fields; wide-ranging success in business … People will be excited when they see the type of leaders the President-elect brings into this administration.” Of the key open positions, John Bolton and Rudy Giuliani are the rumored favorites for Secretary of State and Senator Jeff Sessions is thought to be the front-runner for Attorney General. With that said, per Reuters , here is a short list of people thought to be in the running for the various cabinet positions that need to be filled over the coming months: 

SECRETARY OF STATE Bob Corker, Tennessee senator and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush Newt Gingrich, Republican former U.S. House Speaker Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq Rudy Giuliani, Republican former mayor of New York City 

ATTORNEY GENERAL Rudy Giuliani Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration Chris Christie, Republican New Jersey governor Pam Bondi, Republican Florida Attorney General Trey Gowdy, Republican congressman from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya TREASURY SECRETARY Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman Jeb Hensarling, Texas Republican congressman and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc 

DEFENSE SECRETARY Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush Jon Kyl, former Republican senator from Arizona Jeff Sessions, Republican senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee Kelly Ayotte, outgoing Republican senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee Duncan Hunter, Republican congressman from California and early Trump supporter, member of House Armed Services Committee Jim Talent, former Republican senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee