Royal Families of Belgium and Netherlands SCOTUS (Supreme Court of the United States) So much of this story revolves around Mehran T. Keshe, whose plasma related defense technologies, threaten the military balance of power, disabling American stealth drones and even leaving an AEGIS destroyer floating, dead in the water, in the Black Sea. Anti-Keshe “troll” and convicted pedophile Sterling Allen, former Rense Radio host, now serving a life sentence, is said to have supplied the encryption keys that allowed the FBI to take over the Netherlands based site. From NBC: “The website operated from a server based in the Netherlands and, at its height, boasted up to 70,000 members worldwide,” it added. “It attempted to operate as a ‘discussion–only’ forum where people could share their sexual interest in young boys without committing any specific offences, thus operating ‘below the radar’ of police attention,” Europol said. Police infiltrated site The Europol statement said U.K. and Australian police infiltrated the site to identify the members who posed the greatest danger to children. Police also sometimes posed as children online as part of the investigation. Law enforcement authorities from 13 countries, including the United States, Australia, Canada, Italy, Spain and the U.K., were involved in the case, Europol said. The statement said Europol analysts had cracked the security features of a key computer server at the center of the network which uncovered the identities of suspected child sex offenders. And, after his arrest, the forum’s Dutch administrator helped police break encryption measures that shielded users’ identities, allowing police to begin their covert investigations. “Europol subsequently issued over 4,000 intelligence reports to police authorities in over 30 countries in Europe and elsewhere, which has led to the arrests of suspects and the safeguarding of children,” Europol said. In September 2015, Iranian physicist Mehran T. Keshe met with the FBI in Rome, a meeting set up by VT. From a source at Europol: It was this from Veterans Today that helped push this forward: “It was Keshe’s information given to the FBI in Italy that led to the seizure of Sterling Allan’s computer back in January of 2016, which led to the Obama White House getting files tying Justice “Tony” Scalia to a child sex ring and demonstrating that it was Scalia that had protected Allan. “ With Justice Scalia exposed to Obama blackmail, his own friends smothered him to death with a pillow, and walked past police, while the world moved on, no autopsy, no investigation.” Read: Former Victim Claims Scalia Was a Pedophile That explains why Hollande (President of the French Republic) was scared he is linked to child abuse in France, via Belgium as well. Abdessalem (Foreign Minister of Tunisia) was traded by the FBI so Hollande can stay in power, sign the tafta and much more allow American military presence in France, which is now turning against him… That explains why the US military unit near Milan was behind us to see what we had in stock against Bibi (Netanyahu) and Hollande… now that they have Hollande, they are pushing him to the edge, using pressure on Sarkozy, right hand of Bibi, they moved in Tripoli, blackmailing Roma. Thus, what begins as a hundred arrests, when you peel the levels, involves the French elections and even the recent Bataclan attack in Paris now tied to, if you can imagine it, a police informant smuggled into France through Italy by Tunisia, who out of curiosity runs an anti-Keshe website. Why do they hate Keshe?