CNN (also known as the Clinton News Network) has gone out of its way to try to rig the election for Democrat nominee Hillary Clinton this year. It hasn’t even tried to hide its bias in an attempt to destroy Republican nominee Donald Trump’s chances at becoming president.

Over the weekend, CNN tried desperately to find anything it could to distract the American people from the FBI’s announcement that it was reopening the investigation into Clinton’s use of an email server while she was secretary of state.

CNN ran a story on Sunday about a Trump rally in Colorado, only it blatantly lied about what Trump said at the rally in an attempt to smear him, Mediate reported .

The article in question originally ran with the headline “Trump, skeptical of mail-in balloting, encourages voting more than once if necessary.” Here’s a screen grab of the original.

“If you go to university center, they’ll give you a new ballot, they’ll void your old ballot, in some places they do that four or five times, so by tomorrow, almost everyone will have their new ballots in,” Trump said at the rally, according to CNN’s original article.

However there was more to that quote, which CNN decided not to run with.

“If you go to university center, they’ll give you a new ballot, they’ll void your old ballot. They’ll give you a new ballot, and you can go out and make sure it get’s in. Now in some places, they do that four or five times, but we don’t do that. So by tomorrow, almost everyone will have their new ballots in,” is the full quote of what Trump said.

By selectively editing the quote, CNN made it appear that Trump was encouraging voter fraud.

After publishing the original story, CNN changed the headline, and the content, to actually reflect what Trump actually said. Initially, the network did not indicate it had done so. However, a line was later added at the end of the article to indicate it had been changed.



CNN also took down the tweet that had the incorrect headline.

Maybe next time CNN will think twice before publishing such blatant lies. Instead of trying to cover up Clinton’s corruption, maybe the network should just to its job and report on the news.

This is what the media is doing these days, they chop speeches, edit them, falsify them! Let this be a warning to you for any future BS that may come out from the media. No matter how much they hype it. Do NOT believe anything the media tells you!