During a phone conversation, Norm Ross spoke about the issues facing Nevada. He exhibited the ability to forward his intent with grace and intelligence. The candidate seeking election for the Assembly District 8 (AD8) seat. Ross discussed his passion for the people of Nevada and the state’s need for change.

Immigration, Refugees, and Non-English Speaking Students He believes that dealing with illegal immigration and closing the borders should be a priority. Clark County schools are impacted with a high percentage of immigrant children, and for many of them, English is not their primary language. In 2013, statistics indicated that 44 percent of the students were of Hispanic decent, according to Las Vegas Review-Journal.

One solution to the overabundance of non-English speaking students would be to have a separate school to focus on learning the language, says Ross. In fact, school officials state the situation has been identified as a problem because they have been working toward the improvement of student performance. With the number of Hispanic students increasing, “the challenges they bring to the district, according to state test results and graduation rates show them lagging behind other student groups.”

Moreover, Ross is adamantly against allowing any refugees residence in Nevada. He would not support legislation which would admit them to the state.

Voter I.D. Reform Proper voter identification is a must to keep elections honest and above board. In Nevada, there are multiple ways an eligible citizen can register to vote:

Social services agencies and the Department of Motor Vehicles provide forms. A person can go to the County Clerk or Registrar Offices and file. Nevada is one of at least 29 states that allow online registration. Ross feels that the use of the internet to register to vote should not be allowed. He says that a person should be required to the to the state’s registrar with either a birth certificate or passport. This, he adds, would prevent anyone from registering more than once using alternative names.

Veterans Services For a veteran to receive medical services they are required to use providers at the VA hospital and clinics. However, Ross would like to see this change. He supports veterans being allowed to find their own doctors, and the VA insurance should cover the bills.

An anecdote shared by Ross demonstrates the VA’s inefficiency. He said the VA facilities were closed and moved one location, which makes it difficult for the veterans. Furthermore, veterans are often assigned to a nurse practitioner rather than a physician, which they deserve.

Our veterans are heroes, and we must, as a society, begin treating them as such. They put their lives on the line to protect us and our freedoms and keeping the homeland safe.

Norm Ross Cares About Nevada On his website, Ross discusses all of the issues he intends to support and work toward a resolution. They are; repealing the Commerce Tax, keeping property taxes low, and allowing families to send their children the school they choose.