An important question is on the 2016 election state-wide ballot in Massachusetts. Question 2 deals with the state’s charter school cap. Without the cap, upwards of 12 charter schools could be approved by the state district in the next fiscal year. The charter school scam has spread its tentacles into the state ofMassachusetts in large part due to the Obama Administration. A vote """"no"""" is thus critical toward halting the march of privatization in the education system occurring nation-wide. As Massachusetts residents gear up to vote for the next President of the United States, it is important to remember that the transformation of public education into a private good will not cease as long as popular opposition fails to confront its roots in Washington.

The Obama Administration immediately created the Race to the Top program after the 2008 election. This program paved a direct path toward the elimination of public education as we know it. The Department of Education funneled billions of US dollars into incentive schemes to privatize public schools district by district. Federal funds were dangled in front of mostly poor, mostly Black cities as long as these districts met the """"mandates"""" of the program. These mandates included the closure of """"failing schools,"""" mergers with for-profit charter schools, and the complete transformation of public schools into charter laboratories. Race to the Top created favorable conditions for private capitalists to engulf the entire US public education system.

The results have been disastrous. Hundreds of public schools have closed around the country. Tens of thousands of public school teachers have been fired. In New Orleans, nearly every school operating in the district is a privately owned by """" publicly funded"""" charter schools .The Chicago teachers union recently averted a strike but has been dealing with the consequences of the closure of fifty schools in the city in 2013 .

The impact of charter schools has extended beyond teacher layoffs and school closures. Charter schools have also promoted segregation based on race and class. The Civil Rights Project of UCLA has found that seventy percent of black charter school students attend intensely segregated charter schools . Furthermore, charter schools also demand an even more intense policy of standardized testing withcurriculums that are often guided by the test corporations themselves. All the while, these institutions have found ample time to discriminate against ELS and disabled students.

In addition, charter schools have been found to cheat students from a quality education. Charter schools are even more militarized than traditional public schools and sport higher rates of suspension and expulsion rates. Corporate charter operators also """"cream"""" students from the top and toss the rest. Even so, charters have not proven to do any better than public schools in terms of test scores . What the charter school movement does possess is the backing of the elite, which has masterfully used media and non-profit manipulation to demonize public education.