During his years as a student at Harvard Law School in the early 1980s, Tim Kaine took a year off from his legal studies in order to work with Jesuit missionaries in Honduras. During the nine months he spent there, Kaine developed a keen interest in the teachings of local priests who were adherents of liberation theology , which is essentially Marxism dressed up as Christianity. Kaine himself embraced liberation theology and later claimed that it had “changed” him and “deepened” him. After completing his legal education, Kaine joined a civil litigation firm and practiced law for 17 years. He also launched a career in local politics in the mid-1990s, and eventually went on to serve as governor of Virginia (2006-10) and as a U.S. senator (2013-present). This past July, Hillary Clinton named Kaine as her vice presidential running mate. 

Over the course of his political career, Kaine has developed some noteworthy ties to a number of Islamist individuals and organizations: In his role as Virginia's governor in 2007, Kaine appointed Esam Omeish, president of the Muslim Brotherhood -affiliated Muslim American Society (MAS), to Virginia’s Immigration Commission. Omeish had previously served as president of the National Muslim Students Association and as a board member of the Islamic Society of North America , both of which have deep ties to the Brotherhood. Omeish had also been a board chairman of the Islamic Center of Passaic County , a New Jersey mosque with significant terrorist connections. And he had been a vice president and board member of the Dar al-Hijrah Islamic Center , a Virginia mosque whose imams have included, among others, an Al-Qaeda operative and a supporter of suicide bombings. Prior to his appointment by Kaine, Omeish had described the Muslim Brotherhood as a “moderate” organization; he had praised the former Hamas leader Ahmed Yassin as “our beloved Sheikh”; and he had pledged to lend his assistance to those Palestinians who understood that “the jihad way is the way to liberate your land.” In May 2007, Kaine was the keynote speaker at the Muslim American Society Freedom Foundation's “Standing for Justice Dinner.” In 2010, Kaine agreed to attend the Dar al-Hijrah Islamic Center's annual fundraising banquet. In September 2011, Kaine spoke at an event that presented a Lifetime Achievement Award to U.S. Muslim Brotherhood leader Jamal Barzinji , who was closely associated with the Palestinian Islamic Jihad , Hamas, and the extremist International Institute of Islamic Thought (IIIT). In 2011-12, Kaine’s U.S. Senate campaign received $4,300 from officials of the Islamic Society of North America and the Council on American-Islamic Relations , plus another $3,500 from IIIT's president-of-finance , Hisham Al-Talib .