WASHINGTON D.C. – USA – The rise if the right is a direct result of the left, as the rubber band is pulled so far, it must eventually snap back. 





Pull a rubber band to its very limit, and it eventually snaps back. 

The government of America went too far to the left, the socialist pseudo Marxist strains of Obama thus enabled Trump’s win. No one could tolerate another four years of socialism especially under a ball breaker staunch feminist like Hillary Clinton. 

The natural state of human existence is a moderate conservative attitude, one of family and of conserving traditional values, the socialists wish to destroy the family, to destroy culture through mass migration at speed, to effectively destroy all traditions and norms as much as possible. 

This is why we are seeing a mass movement now to the right, people are fed up of the homosexualisation of everything, of the bending of all tradition, the PC, the emasculation of the male, and the dominance of transexualisation, the forcing of cultural racial integration. 

President Obama wanted the U.S. military to become a bath house full of homos and transsexuals, which in effect emasculated the army. Soldiers cowering behind walls more worried about their nails or make up, whilst real soldiers came over the top with their Russian grimaces, eager to bury their bayonets deep into the homosexualised American ninnies, trembling with fear, and pissing in their knickers. 

People want armies that can fight effectively, they don’t want Obama’s faggot army, they want real men who can do the job, and do not need to be mollycoddled at every turn. 

By pulling the rubber band so far, Obama and his ilk is responsible for bringing forth the right, they shamelessly were instrumental in the resurgence of the extreme right wing, as it moves to rebalance the vast move to the left. 

In Europe we are now seeing the cowering socialists doomed to years of purgatory, as the people rise up and remove them from office. Feminism has had its day as it is consigned to the dustbin, to be retrieved eventually when people have had enough of the right. 

This sort of rubber band politics, is one of extremes, pull, snap, pull, snap, and on it goes. People do not necessarily vote for the best candidate but simply because they’ve had enough of a certain regime or political ideology that has been prevalent for a long time. 

Yes, there is a sense of relief when the politically correct socialists are given the boot, because you can say what you want again, it is a real relief. Socialists claim to be progressives, however they inhibit free speech, how is this progress? The right on the other hand allow things to be said, but this in turn can in the future be taken to the extreme as well, as we have seen throughout history. 

One faction enables the other and work as a well oiled machine, and this is the mechanism that moves agendas quickly for the Controllers, who of course deal on both sides at the same time. Whichever side wins, they always win, and many voters are of course blind to such things. This is good, the voters must be ignorant to the fact that they are mere pawns in a bigger game. 

The core infrastructure does not give a flying fuck who wins an election, could be red, blue or yellow, they simply give instructions to the victor and the deal is done. How many times have you seen a government come in to power, and adopt the rulings of the previous government. We see this in Britain, where Labour increased CCTV surveillance by the million, then the Conservatives came into power, instead of reducing surveillance, they carried on with it, and adopted it fully, despite bad mouthing it when they were in opposition.