Bill Clinton and his cabinet members pursued Anti-India activities and as Secretary of State Hillary did the same. As President, she will no doubt continue to bully India. 7 Shares
7 0 0 0
There are only weeks left until we find out if we have a President Trump or a President Clinton. Donald Trump is perceived as the candidate who is against the corrupt establishment, while Hillary Clinton is seen as part and fabric of the establishment and as the most corrupt candidate to run for President in the history of the country.
A President Clinton in a few weeks would return us to the hostile climate towards India that we saw in the 1990s overseen by her husband. After he took office in 1993 the US relationship with India went on a considerable down-slide. For nearly a year, Clinton did not bother appointing an ambassador to India even as he went about opposing India on multiple fronts, leading to anger in the Indian establishment. Initially he was intent on disarming and weakening India by preventing access to technology and also mounted a sustained attack on the Indian economy by imposing several economic sanctions.
In 1991, Senator Joe Biden, who is now the Vice President under Barack Obama, introduced an amendment in the bill granting aid to Russia, making the aid conditional on the fact that Russia could not sell cryogenic engines for India's space programme. The Clinton administration was hellbent on hurting the development of India's space and technology sectors and blocked the sale of Cray supercomputers that had been approved under the Ronald Reagan administration. India was also targeted for several economic sanctions and was threatened under what was called the Super 301 clause of the American trade law.
These economic sanctions were specifically borne out in the way Mr Clinton attacked the Indian textile and carpet industries. Throughout the 1990s, the terms "Dunkel Draft", "Super 301", "WTO" and "patent laws" became synonyms for the US attempts to retard the Indian economy and led to many protests in India.
By 1996, India was justified in believing that Indo-US relations had hit the lowest point, but things took a dramatic turn for the worse during Bill Clinton's second term in office. Madeleine Albright became the new Secretary of State and she was increasingly hostile to India especially through her pseudo-racist television outbursts. In fact she loved attacking India so much she went at it after leaving office and called for a plebiscite in Kashmir, justifying the actions of violent groups in the process.
MORE... Clinton's Policies Look Like a Death Sentence for Americans 10 Things to Expect with a Hillary Clinton Presidency Hillary Clinton must be indicted How Hillary Clinton ushered in a one party dictatorship of monopoly capital Remember this is the same blood-soaked Albright who advocated bombing Yugoslavia and then got her investment firm to attempt a takeover of mines in that country. Like the Clintons, she also knows how to abuse her power. Lest we forget, Albright also justified the deaths of half a million Iraqi children and claimed that the deaths were "worth it". And the icing on the cake for this particularly nasty woman? Albright has already threatened women in America and claimed that there was a special place in hell reserved for them if they did not vote for Hillary Clinton.
There is already talk of Joe Biden in the frame as Secretary of State under Hillary Clinton. Biden would continue his anti-India agenda and try to thwart the development of India's space programme and other technological advancements. Then of course there is Hillary's closest confidante, a duplicitous lady called Huma Abedin who is of Pakistani descent and whose family has links to radical elements in Pakistan and Saudi Arabia. Abedin could end up playing an important role in determining American foreign policy and would be certainly anti-Modi.
Another point against Hillary Clinton is that the hawkish Henry Kissinger has supports her and her oeuvre as Secretary of State. This is the same Kissinger who is so hostile against India, many of his racist statements are even on tape to that end.
It is in the light of this setting that many Indian-Americans have opposed the candidacy of Hillary Clinton and have come out in support of Donald Trump. In contrast to the policies of the Clintons, Trump has promised to make India the best friend of the US and has stated that he looks forward to working with Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Trump has also reached out to Hindus in US. While there is always a risk of the unknown and it is not clear if Trump can make the change he wants to, a Hillary presidency will certainly be a major step back for India.
In order for India to build a constructive relationship with US, it requires people in both countries to have good intentions. It is clear that India cannot have a strong and forward looking relationship with the US if Hillary Clinton is running the corridors of power. On the other hand, Donald Trump has articulated the right intent and his stance holds promise for India.