BREAKING: TRUMP MOVES TO FILE CHARGES AGAINST CLINTON! Oct 27, 2016 Previous post 
When Donald Trump launched his presidential campaign over a year ago, the media barely batted an eye. They all believed he was only trying to boost his business. 
As time went on, he began to win debate after debate and state after state as he received the most votes in Republican primary history while battling sixteen other candidates. The liberal media and Clinton campaign quickly went from thinking he was a joke to fearing him. 
As Trump began to take this country by storm, the media and Clintons tried everything in their power to destroy him. They tried desperately to accuse Donald Trump of inciting violence at his rallies. 
Thanks to videos released by Project Veritas , we now have concrete proof that it was Hillary Clinton that paid operatives to storm Trump rallies and incite violence. 
Hillary Clinton did not just pay mercenaries to assault Trump supporters, she also violated the law on several occasions. 
Robert Creamer, a Clinton crony, was one of the organizers of the paid violence and has also visited Obama at the White House at least 230 times. He was forced to resign from his position immediately following the release of these videos. 
Not only is he a top Hillary ally, but he kept her informed. She knew about these attacks and she ordered them to take place so that Donald Trump looked like he was inciting violence and fueling hate. 
Trump was forced to cancel his rally in Chicago due to the extreme violence by operatives working for Hillary Clinton. 
We are being told that Donald Trump is going to press charges on these people, including Hillary Clinton, under the Felony Mob Act. 
In Illinois, Trump will be citing the Illinois criminal statute. The Mob action is a Class Four felony punishable by 3-6 years in prison and a $25,000 fine for each charge in Illinois. When Trump brings forward the paperwork, he very well could charge anyone associated with helping, planning, organizing, or paying anyone to commit acts of violence–which would include Hillary Clinton. 
In Illinois, statute reads as follows: 
A person commits mob action when he or she engages in any of the following: The knowing or reckless use of force or violence disturbing the public peace by 2 or more persons acting together and without authority of law; The knowing assembly of 2 or more persons with the intent to commit or facilitate the commission of a felony or misdemeanor; or The knowing assembly of 2 or more persons, without authority of law, for the purpose of doing violence to the person or property of anyone supposed to have been guilty of a violation of the law, or for the purpose of exercising correctional powers or regulative 
FOR ENTIRE ARTICLE CLICK LINK