More Reports Of Votes Flipping From Trump To Clinton In Texas ….election Officials Dismiss Concerns… An Ongoing Cbs4 Voter Fraud Investigation Finds People Voting Twice by IWB · October 27, 2016 Tweet Following our story yesterday, there have been more reports of early voters in Texas seeing their ballots flipped from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. Voters in Arlington and Amarillo complained that when they highlighted the box to select Trump/Pence, it switched to Clinton/Kaine. Now numerous other Texans have gone public on social media to report similar problems. However, election officials in Texas are denying that there is a problem. “Typically, we’ve found it’s voter error with the equipment,” Frank Phillips, Tarrant County’s election administrator, told WFAA . “Sometimes they vote straight party and then click on other candidates … or do something with the wheel….There is not an issue with the equipment.” Are all these examples just voters making mistakes or inaccurately reporting what happened? Or could there be a real problem with electronic voting machines in Texas? 
http://www.infowars.com/more-reports-of-votes-flipping-from-trump-to-clinton-in-texas/ 
An ongoing CBS4 VOTER FRAUD investigation Finds People Voting Twice 
DENVER (CBS4)– An ongoing CBS4 voter fraud investigation has uncovered a dozen cases where Coloradans are suspected of voting twice. Previous CBS4 Investigations revealed ballots cast in the names of Coloradans who had been dead for months– sometimes years- before votes were cast in their names. 
In six of the new cases, voting records show the same people voting twice in Colorado elections. In another six cases, people are suspected of voting in Colorado and another state during the same election cycle. 
http://denver.cbslocal.com/2016/10/25/cbs4-investigation-finds-people-voting-twice/ 
Voting Machine Caught on Camera Casting Ballot for Democrat when Selecting Republican 
Early voting has only been underway for two whole and we’re already facing a glitch in the system. Chambers County was forced to pull the plug on their voting machines and turn to the paper ballot due to a software problem. All electronic voting has been stopped until the software can be updated. 
http://kluv.cbslocal.com/2016/10/26/chambers-county-texas-switches-to-paper-ballots/ 
Florida Governor Busted Attempting To Toss Thousands Of Mail-In Ballots 
A federal judge on Saturday blocked Florida Governor Rick Scott’s attempt to throw out tens of thousands of mail-in ballots, then publicly reprimanded him. U.S. District Judge Mark Walker issued a blistering caution to Scott’s top election official on a lawsuit about vote-by-mail ballots. 
According to ABC News , the judge accused Governor Scott appointed Secretary of State Ken Detzner of “delaying a hearing on the lawsuit, so that he could use every second available to run out the clock,” . That means, there would not be enough time to address the lawsuit. Then, Judge Walker said the governor’s man, Detzner, was in effect committing an “undeclared war’ on Florida voters’ rights. 
Florida’s Democratic Party filed a lawsuit asserting that thousands of vote-by-mail ballots were rejected each election, because the voter’s ballot envelope and the registration file signatures do not match. Without a signature, Florida law says that a vote-by-mail ballot cannot be counted.