BREAKING: DOJ FINALLY Secures Warrant To Inspect Huma’s Emails By: Michael Qazvini October 30, 2016 On the heels of FBI Director James Comey’s unexpected Friday announcement about revisiting the Hillary Clinton email investigation, the US Department of Justice has officially obtained a warrant to inspect Huma Abedin’s stash of emails. Abedin is perhaps Hillary Clinton’s closest confidante. During the course of the FBI’s investigation, she spoke with federal agents on several occasions, evading questions and providing only vague answers to direct inquiries. “The process has begun,” stated the bureau Sunday in a rather cryptic message, suggesting that Abedin’s emails will be possibly be examined before election day. Enjoying intimate access to the former secretary of state, Abedin sent several emails through Hillary’s private server. A few months ago, the FBI explicitly asked Abedin to hand over any information, including emails and devices those emails may be stored in to investigators. It now looks like she failed to comply with the request. In a bizarre twist of events, the FBI found hundreds of thousands of Abedin’s emails stored on a laptop belonging to her now-estranged husband. The emails were discovered as investigators seized evidence related to a separate investigation regarding an inquiry into disgraced Congressman Anthony Weiner’s possible sexual overtures to a minor. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton chats with her staff, including aide Huma Abedin (L), onboard her plane in White Plains, New York, October 22, 2016, on her way to a campaign event in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. / AFP / Robyn Beck (Photo credit should read ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images) Law enforcement officials have been hesitant to provide a timeline to the public for when the completion of its review of this treasure trove of emails. There may be evidence hiding in those emails that could incriminate Abedin’s boss, US presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. But we likely won’t find out until after the election, raising unsettling questions about the integrity of our fragile democracy. 
As a matter of principle, the FBI should tell the American people everything it knows before voters cast their ballots on November 8th. Tags 