Obama Furious After Fed-Up ‘Deplorables’ Drop 41,000-Piece Gift On Him   Amanda Shea   Pissed off Patriots (left), Barack Obama deplaning Air Force One (right) 
Barack Obama was at home in the White House when he received a little “gift” from Donald Trump’s fed-up “deplorables,” who interrupted his taxpayer-funded rest and relaxation with 41,000 things he never saw coming. These blunt patriots weren’t messing around, and they sent a clear message to our lame duck president, who didn’t like it at all. 
The leader of the free world hasn’t done much in his two terms of trying, and he’s not about to start now on his way out of office. He has taken the liberty of awarding himself substantial tee time, only reserving his efforts and energy to promote who he hopes to be his successor, Hillary Clinton. As annoying at it is to watch him do nothing, it’s worse to see him take a side to campaign with one candidate while slandering the other, which Donald Trump’s supporters have noticed and are fed-up over it. 
There’s a war happening on our own soil, between sharply divided citizens who are sick of seeing democracy destroyed during this election. While Hillary has everyone from the mainstream media to our president in her pantsuit pocket, patriots are expected to just accept it, along with the skewed results — and don’t want to pay a single dime for our president to spit in our faces any longer as he promotes Hillary on our hard-earned tax money. 
A petition started on StandUnited has received 41,000 signatures from frustrated patriots who are asking Congress to stop paying our president as he plays favorites in campaigning for Hillary. “ We the People demand that Congress withhold President Obama’s salary, pension, travel expenses, etc. for any time he spends actively campaigning for Hillary Clinton between now and the election in November,” the petition on conservative site states. 
While it’s not unusual for the current president to endorse a candidate on their way out of the White House, “Rarely, however, does that same lame duck President spend weeks or even months prior to the November election actively campaigning for his successor,” the petition laments. 
Considering Obama’s salary of about $400,000 a year and the cost of Air Force One at $180,000 for every single hour of flight, the amount he’s siphoning from an already strained budget for a candidate that a mass amount of Americans don’t want in office is astronomical and insulting. Congress probably doesn’t even care about the cash or true conservatives and their petition, since the establishment is for keeping things how they want it at the cost of this Republican candidate who could better the country with change we need.