on November 3, 2016 12:22 am · 
Donald Trump’s deplorable supporters aren’t waiting for the election results to start spilling blood. 
They’ve been threatening bloody violence ever since Trump began claiming that the election is “rigged” in favor of Hillary Clinton. And Trump has called for them to intimidate voters at polling places. 
In Texas last week, a Trump supporter was arrested for electioneering at a polling place because he was wearing one of Trump’s stupid hats and a “Deplorables” T-shirt to vote. 
Election code prohibits any person from electioneering within 100 feet of a polling place. 
Of course, Trump supporters threw a temper tantrum because they think the rules don’t apply to them. 
Well, now it looks like they have retaliated by setting up a booby trapped Trump sign at a polling place knowing that an official or volunteer would have to take the sign down. 
At Collin College in Plano, Texas a Trump sign was discovered zip-tied to an official polling location sign in direct violation of the election code that forbids electioneering at polling places. 
But when a volunteer went out to remove the sign they got a nasty surprise in the form of box cutter blades that were strategically hidden inside. The blades sliced into the volunteer’s hands and drew blood, requiring medical attention and prompting officials to order that signs be checked thoroughly before removal. 
“It just shows how far we have come in politics where people want to be so mean and so hateful to try and injure somebody who’s probably not got any political party persuasion one way or the other,” local Democratic Party campaign chair Steve Spainhouer said in response . “I think most people have already made their minds up at this point how they’re going to vote and so there’s nothing to gain by being mean spirited or hateful.” 
Here’s the video via KTVT . 
Frankly, this should be considered an act of domestic terrorism. Trump’s supporters have gone too far and it could get worse as Election Day approaches. And if Trump loses, his supporters have already threatened to try to overthrow the federal government in a bloody coup. 
Clearly, these people are deranged and the safety of voters and election officials are in danger. But you won’t hear Donald Trump condemning this act of violence. After all, he is the one inciting it. 
Featured Image: Darren McCollester/Getty Images Share this Article! 