0 comments Actions of this magnitude from a are simply DEVASTATING! According to a late-night report, The White House is taking drastic action in light of the FBI’s reopening of Hillary Clinton’s email investigation. The Obama Administration has stated that they had not prior knowledge of the new investigation. It is also being reported that The Department of Justice was not notified, either. Some theorize that the Federal Bureau of Investigation is working to regain its reputation as an organization of integrity. By choosing not to inform The White House or The Department of Justice, the FBI could have been trying to prevent intervention from these two powerhouses. Now, the public knows that the investigation has been restarted, and it will be harder for pro-Hillary government organizations to play politics with the issue. The FBI’s stunning news has caused The White House to take action, according to a recent report from Redflagnews . Late Friday night, all of Barack Obama’s scheduled campaign appearances on behalf of Hillary Clinton were CANCELLED! Reportedly, all of the pre-planned events have been removed from the schedule (see below.) Given that President Obama’s approval ratings are at an all-time high, a mass cancellation of this nature is certainly devastating to a Democrat Presidential hopeful like Hillary Clinton. For a popular, two-term President to distance himself from a Campaign, during the final ten days of the Election, is earth-shattering. Take a look at the following graphic: Will the Hillary Clinton Campaign have time to recover from these shocking revelations? Unfortunately, for Hillary, this may not be the last shoe to drop. Julian Assange of WikiLeaks has said that his next release will be the one that will definitely incriminate Hillary. Additionally, group like Anonymous are hinting that they also have blockbuster information to be released soon. Has the “October Surprise” been replaced by the “November Surprise?” It appears that Hillary Clinton is about to find out. Related Items