“Clinton spokesman Nick Merrill said what is seen in the photo is merely a reflection of the TV lights or a flash,” reports Fox News. Was Hillary Clinton wearing an earpiece during last night’s presidential forum? That’s the latest question swirling around the Internet after pictures appeared to show Hillary with some kind of flesh-colored device embedded inside her ear. Conservative actor James Woods drew attention the issue with the simple question, “Earpiece?” and a close up image of Hillary from last night’s forum. Woods also posted a Clinton email from the Wikileaks archive in which Huma Abedin asked Hillary, “Did u take your earpiece or do I need to get it?” “She can’t even #lie without help from a gaggle of other #liars through an earpiece,” tweeted Woods. “She literally can’t help herself. She’s the kind of sociopath who will lie even if the truth were more beneficial,” added Woods, linking to an article by TruePundit which reported that Hillary was wearing an earpiece to receive “stealth coaching” during the NBC live town hall event. “NYPD sources involved with the NBC forum’s security detail confirm Clinton was wearing an ‘inductive earpiece,” the same technology employed by almost all lead Broadway actors to receive forgotten lines and stealth off-stage cues from directors. The flesh-colored earbud is easily concealed. There are no wires running directly to the ear like you see with the units employed by Secret Service protection detail personnel,” claimed the article. The report goes on to provide technical details about the earpiece, asserting that it is “almost invisible to anyone” and is “normally issued to law enforcement or corporate security teams.” The story also drew almost a thousand comments over on The Donald subreddit, with one user commenting, “Either she admits a health issue and says she’s deaf or she admits to cheating.” “I commented earlier during the Town Hall saying her responses seemed a little slower than normal. Now it all makes sense,” responded another. Another user remarked that Hillary appeared to be uttering broken sentences such as “I think that’s an ex—- actly right way to proceed.” This is not the first time Clinton has faced charges that she was wearing an earpiece during a crucial event – similar claims were made after her appearance in front of the House Select Benghazi Hearing in October last year. Of course, the earpiece could have just been a hearing aid, although there doesn’t appear to be any admission or record of Hillary wearing one in the past. Others claims it’s merely a reflection of studio lights. You be the judge.