Comment 
Russia is reportedly planning to attack as the United States remains distracted on election day. According to reports, Vladimir Putin’s war fleet could launch a bloody attack on Syria within 24 hours. Will things turn uglier? 
Russia may be taking advantage as the rest of America continues to be on their toes on its presidential elections. According to reports, Vladimir Putin’s war fleet is expected to launch a massive cruise missile attack on Syria in just 24 hours. 
The coming hours present a perfect opportunity for Russia as “war crimes” and “no fly zones” have been pushed aside as America battles it out on Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump. Russia Spits On US As Conflict Ignites 
The United States called out Russia for its bombing campaign in the disputed region. In fact, Washington also threatened to impose sanctions on the country repeatedly because of what John Kerry referred to as “the largest of humanitarian disasters.” 
Also Read: Russia Fires At United States As Tensions Escalate 
According to Daily Star’s report , experts have warned about the conflict that could ensue should the tensions between Russia and the U.S. continue to rise. 
In another report from the Voice of America , Russia’s Defense Ministry officials clarified on Tuesday that the new strikes against Islamic State terror group will be targeting the outskirts of the northern city of Aleppo and would ensue in the next few hours. However, an unidentified source told VOA that the possible strikes were in support of the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. 
“The comments from the Russian Ministry of Defense suggest they are more interested in the world seeing Russia’s naval capabilities in action than the world seeing Russia live up to its word,” the official said. “An escalation would make it harder to resolve the brutal civil war in Syria and raise more doubts about Russia’s commitment.” 
Liked this story? Subscribe to our newsletter or follow us on Twitter and Facebook for more updates on America. morningnewsusa.com/ArticlePage