Email Print President Obama has proven he is nothing but a vindictive man who is upset like the rest of the liberals that the person he was lobbying for didn’t win the 2016 election. But you’d never guess what he did with hit time in the Oval Office running out. President Obama has shut down the aerial surveillance over the U.S./ Mexican border with only two months left in his presidency. He’s trying to make it difficult for President-Elect Donald Trump, as per Watchdog.org The Department of Homeland Security can no longer do its job, and it is not securing the southern border with even the limited measures it has at its disposal right now! This is a move to help illegal immigrants come into this country, with Obama making it less difficult for them to break the law! They won’t be seen, and, thus, they won’t be caught. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security shut down Operation Phalanx, the aerial program that helps halt the movement of drugs and illegals across the border. This DHS move is challenged by Rep. Henry Cuellar, who claims that Congress gave this operation funding for the whole year of 2017. Cuellar, who is a member of the House Appropriations Committee and the Homeland Security Subcommittee, is composing a letter to send to DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson about the shutdown. And this is not the first time Johnson has been challenged. With the help of Texas Governor Greg Abbott, Cuellar went against Johnson earlier in the year in February when the Phalanx’s flight operations were reduced. Now, Cuellar is looking for reinforcements in Texas including Sen. John Cornyn and Reps. Mike McCaul and John Carter. McCaul has previously called on DHS to “develop a strategy to gain operational control” of the border. “Over the last several years, Congress has provided billions of dollars to secure the borders but without an end goal in mind,” McCaul stated. McCaul has also worked to make legislation “to require the [DHS] secretary to gain situational awareness through the use of sophisticated technologies and others means, giving our border agents the ability to predict changes in illegal activity.” The DHS claims the illegals coming into the U.S. have declined at the Texas stretch of the border, but apprehensions in the Rio Grande Valley rose 27 percent in the fiscal 2016 year alone. In the small Laredo border section, Operation Phalanx accounted for 10,559 apprehensions and 4,007 “turnbacks” from March 2012 to December 2015. Phalanx was credited with seizing 12,851 pounds of narcotics during the period. The fact that Obama would do away with that just because Donald Trump won says a lot about what kind of man our outgoing president is. He would let more criminals and drugs come into this country just to make it harder to control for Trump, but Obama is not hurting Trump—he’s hurting the American people. And that’s disgraceful. With Trump in office in January, however, Phalanx will be up and running once more… and Obama can’t do anything to stop it. What do you think of Obama’s move to shut down aerial surveillance of our southern border? Please share this story on Facebook and tell us what you think because we want to hear YOUR voice! 
If you haven’t checked out and liked our Facebook page, please go here and do so. Leave a comment... 