Share This 
There are so many reasons Americans should not vote for Hillary Clinton, but one of those reasons is this woman’s tyrannical plans to strip us of our Second Amendment rights. What many people do not realize is that if she becomes president, Hillary would ban many of our favorite guns, as revealed in a bombshell report that was just leaked. 
In a recent WikiLeaks dump, we got an inside glimpse into Hillary’s diabolical plans to trample all over our gun rights if she becomes president. If you thought Obama’s tyranny with bypassing Congress and enacting his will via executive orders was obnoxious, it won’t hold a candle to this woman’s plans. She blatantly expressed how she would impose massive gun control through executive fiat in a manner “more aggressive than Obama,” while chipping away at our Second Amendment with a myriad of new regulations and gun laws. 
While Hillary likes to pump us full of crap, claiming that “law-abiding Americans wouldn’t be targeted” with her tyranny, her broad and evasive gun control measures would directly affect Americans with no criminal records, while having zero impact on the behavior of violent criminals. 
One example is Hillary calling for the “reinstatement of the national assault weapons ban and a prohibition on high-capacity magazines.” However, the result of her “assault weapons” ban would essentially take up a massive category of firearms, including the popular AR-15, while making “high capacity” magazines illegal to even possess. 
We all know these types of regulations are completely ineffective in preventing gun violence since criminals have no regard for laws in the first place and are obviously not going to turn over their guns just because Hillary decides to pass a law. 
Her other Constitution-subverting plan is to pass a law making it legal for “victims of gun violence” to sue gun manufacturers, which would quickly bankrupt these companies. However, Hillary’s ultimate goal is to ban all guns in America completely by utilizing the Supreme Court. With her hand-picked justice filling Antonin Scalia’s vacancy, she would have the SCOTUS revisit the District of Columbia v Heller (2008) ruling. If successful, the court would eliminate it’s previous affirmation that it is an individual’s Constitutional right to keep and bear arms. 
When you put all the pieces together, Hillary’s plans for America is nothing short of chilling. History taught us the brutal lesson about what happens when a populace is unarmed — images of corpses from Nazi concentration camps come to mind. Add Hillary’s gun-grabbing plan to her dream of turning America into a borderless society and flooding our country with Muslim refugees, and you have the perfect recipe for disaster. 
God help us if this woman is elected. Continue to share stories like this and tirelessly work to expose this woman before election day. Once she’s in office, the America that we know and love will be drastically transformed into a third-world country crap hole, and Hillary’s life-long plans will be complete.