EMAIL US: CONTACT@GOVTSLAVES.INFO Home › POLITICS › MUTINY AT THE FBI: COMEY WARNED BY HIS OWN AGENTS TO INDICT CLINTON OR WATCH THE FBI’S REPUTATION GO DOWN IN FLAMES MUTINY AT THE FBI: COMEY WARNED BY HIS OWN AGENTS TO INDICT CLINTON OR WATCH THE FBI’S REPUTATION GO DOWN IN FLAMES 0 SHARES 
[10/31/16] MIKE ADAMS – As America inches toward open revolt over the runaway criminality and collusion of the democrats and the media , another kind of revolt is taking place inside the FBI. According to multiple sources in the independent media — now the only remaining “free press” in America — FBI director James Comey was forced into announcing a reopening of the criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton’s private email server by “livid” FBI agents who threatened to go public if Comey didn’t act. 
James Comey, long since suspected to be a Clinton operative who deliberately allowed Hillary Clinton to get away with a vast number of felony crimes and national security violations, now finds himself with his back against the wall. If he releases the evidence against Hillary Clinton already possessed by the FBI, he will face the wrath of Obama, the Clintons, the corrupt Loretta Lynch (DOJ) and the entire leftist media. If he once again gives Hillary Clinton a free pass on her numerous crimes, he then faces a mutiny inside the FBI which promises to bypass his authority and leak the criminal evidence directly to the alternative media. FBI agents under Comey are desperately trying to save their agency from going down in flames 
Agents inside the FBI, in other words, refuse to allow James Comey to let the agency go down in flames as just another corrupt branch of the “Clinton crime family.” Via the Daily Mail UK : 
James Comey’s decision to revive the investigation of Hillary Clinton’s email server and her handling of classified material came after he could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI , including some of his top deputies, according to a source close to the embattled FBI director. 
This dovetails with my own sources who tell me that the recent acquittal of the Oregon ranchers has also driven a stake through James Comey’s reputation, as he is the FBI official who reportedly ordered the execution of Robert “LaVoy” Finicum, whose suspected execution by FBI agents was caught on tape . 
Because the Oregon ranchers have now been acquitted by a jury, it means FBI head James Comey seems to have ordered the shooting and killing of an innocent man . 
Under Comey — and to the dismay of the many great agents working inside the FBI — Comey may have turned the agency toward a lawless armed tyranny that guns down innocent Americans while letting corrupt criminal politicians go free. For many FBI agents who have spent their entire careers serving the FBI as honest, dedicated federal agents, the thought of allowing James Comey to single-handedly commit political arson and burn down the FBI’s hard-won reputation is just too much to bear. 
Resignations are beginning to pile up on Comey’s desk as livid FBI agents head for the exits… 
Via the Daily Mail: 
“The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn’t recommend an indictment against Hillary,” said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades… [Comey] told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 
“And while the decision to reopen the case may appease FBI agents and republicans, in the short-term, we suspect it does very little to restore overall faith in his competence. As such, we continue to question just how long Comey can hold out before being forced to resign his post,” adds Zero Hedge . “At a bare minimum, in light of his continued questionable judgement and serious doubts raised about the integrity of the first investigation, we fail to understand how an independent investigation into Hillary’s email server isn’t warranted.” James Comey is an arsonist, and he’s going to burn the FBI to the ground unless his agents mutiny 
The upshot of all this is that James Comey is an arsonist. If his own agents don’t force him to apply the law to the Clinton investigations, Comey will burn the agency to the ground, leaving its reputation in ashes. And that, sadly, will make the world a very dangerous place for all the FBI agents in the field, because everyday Americans would begin to see them all as corrupt, lawless tyrants working as part of a criminal regime in Washington that refuses to apply laws to its own kind. 
The truth is that most FBI agents are hard working, professional men and women who are desperately trying to shut down the operations of terrorists, financial fraudsters, kidnappers, murderers and other dangerous criminals. Yet if James Comey doesn’t defend the FBI’s reputation by indicting Hillary Clinton , he will likely be placing FBI field agents in grave danger as they face the wrath of citizens who begin to see them all as part of a corrupt criminal tyranny run by the political mafia in D.C. 
Comey, in other words, is more dangerous to the entire FBI than any other single person in Washington right now. If he doesn’t find his moral compass and guide the FBI through this crisis with law and order intact, he’s going to go down in history (and in flames) as the man who forever destroyed the credibility of the FBI and likely turned his field agents into ready targets for an enraged populace. 
No doubt, he’ll get an extra bonus from Loretta Lynch if he once again decides to nullify the rule of law in America and announce that Hillary won’t be subject to the same laws that would immediately ensnare anyone else. Remember: If Comey gives Hillary Clinton a free pass, he demonstrates to all Americans that lawlessness is now the accepted standard of conduct in Washington . And if our political leaders will not be held to account for their crimes, then practically speaking, why should any citizen feel compelled to follow any federal laws at all? James Comey: If you want to salvage the FBI’s reputation, announce a recommendation for the indictment of both Hillary Clinton and Loretta Lynch 
If there’s one thing abundantly clear in all this, it’s that both Hillary Clinton and Loretta Lynch should be behind bars . Clinton is a lifelong criminal and mafia boss. Lynch is a third-rate attorney who was tossed into the DOJ solely because of her gender and skin color, not her credentials. And neither one respects the laws of America, of course. Both are deeply corrupt. 
If the FBI hopes to have any reputation remaining after the Hillary Clinton campaign implodes either before or on November 8th, Comey needs to come out strong right now and lay out the evidence that unambiguously shows Hillary Clinton had CLEAR INTENT to violate national security laws , among other serious crimes. 
All Comey would have to say is something like, “In the view of the FBI, Hillary Clinton is clearly not qualified to serve as Commander in Chief, and we recommend she be indicted for violations of national security…” and so on. With a single sentence, Comey could reinvigorate the FBI and position himself as an historic American hero. 
Right now, I’d imagine the Clinton machine is mailing bloody body parts in tiny wooden coffins to James Comey’s home address, along with notes that say something like, “You’re next.” Let’s watch and see if he grows a spine and refuses to be intimidated. Post navigation