Region: USA in the World George Soros’ direct involvement in spreading the unrest in the United States that was triggered by the recent Donald Trump’s victory at the presidential election is hardly a secret to anyone now. George Soros and other wealthy liberals who have spent tens of millions of dollars on Hillary Clinton’s campaign are gathering in Washington on Sunday evening on a three-day closed conference to close their ranks in the fight against Donald Trump, the POLITICO notes . It’s reported that the conference, which kicked off Sunday night at Washington’s pricey Mandarin Oriental hotel, is sponsored by the influential Democracy Alliance donor club, and will include appearances by leaders of most leading unions and liberal groups. It’s safe to assume that liberals plan full-on trench warfare against Trump from day one. Soros’ business practises have been heavily criticized by various analysts over the years, since this billionaire is often referred to as a speculator. The Quantum company that Soros heads over the last forty years has produced a fortune that remains unseen in the world of hedge funds – 35 billion dollars. The US mortgage crisis alone allowed Soros to raise over a billion dollars in just two years. However, it’s clear that Soros is not contended with the amount of money he has, since he’s been displaying a paranoid desire to control the world, while investing his wealth into the so-called color revolutions that are aimed at toppling elected officials across the world. Due to a number of scandals when sensitive to Soros documents were uploaded on the Internet after being stolen by anonymous hackers, we now know that Soros’ Open Society has been trying to influence certain political developments in a number of European countries. The billionaire has been repeatedly accused of staging color revolutions in a number of Eastern European countries, including Georgia. In 2015 a coup d’etat in Ukraine resulted in Petro Poroshenko taking the power in the country. Now he has awarded Soros with the Order of Freedom to honor his “comitment to the democratic changes that are taking place in Ukraine.” Moreover, last April WikiLeaks released documents that would show that the scandal that broke out around the Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca that is known to the world as the Panama Papers scandal was directly sponsored by the Soros Foundation. Last August, as it’s been reported by various media sources, spent a total of 33 million dollars to fuel unrest in Ferguson. Up to 79% of the arrested individuals during the riots were not locals, those radicals have been brought to this town from all over the US to provoke clashes with local police units. The ongoing investigation has little doubt that Freguson riots were not spontaneous, they were cleverly staged and directed from a single center. One can easily find George Soros among the top donors of Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign, spending a total of 9 million dollars officially on supporting the Democratic candidate. However, Soros couldn’t care less about “democracy,” as profits is all that he cares for in this life. That is why Soros has unleashed a veritable war against Trump, forming groups of so-called activists that are using the hashtag #NotMyPresiden, along with the MoveOn.org movement that billed over 200 “United Against Hate” actions as “peaceful,” and while most of the protest activity has remained so, some rallies been marred by vandalism and violence.). The Washington Times would note : After five days of anti-Trump protests and mayhem led by left-wing groups, including one linked to top Clinton donor George Soros, Republicans said Sunday that it’s time for Democrats to call off the dogs . A notorious financial analyst of Live Trading News Paul Ebeling is convinced that the Clintons, who both have received millions of dollars in campaign contributions and Clinton Foundation donations from George Soros, were, in fact, helping to launch Soros’s Purple Revolution in America. The Purple Revolution will resist all efforts by the Trump Administration to push back against the globalist policies of the Clintons and soon-to-be ex-President Barack Hussein Obama. However, Donald Trump is no newcomer to financial markets and dirty tricks that are used on those, and he’s been pretty clever throughout his election campaign. Therefore it’s unlikely that Soros will find any success in spreading unrest during the Trump era that is now dawning. Martin Berger is a freelance journalist and geopolitical analyst, exclusively for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.” Popular Articles 